12001-Anemia of chronic disease-Anemia of chronic disease (ACD) is anemia that is found in people with certain long-term (chronic) medical conditions that involve inflammation.
12002-Dysthymic disorder-Dysthymia is a milder, but long-lasting form of depression. It's also called persistent depressive disorder.
12003-Scarlet fever-Scarlet fever is the temporary increase in the body's temperature in response to a disease or illness. A child has a fever when the temperature is at or above one of these levels: 100.4°F (38°C) measured in the bottom (rectally) 99.5°F (37.5°C) measured in the mouth (orally)
12004-Hypertensive heart disease-Hypertensive heart disease is a long-term condition that develops over many years in people who have high blood pressure. It's a group of medical problems ? like heart failure and conduction arrhythmias ? that can happen when you don't control your high blood pressure (hypertension).
12005-Drug abuse (barbiturates)-Barbiturates are medications that cause you to relax or feel drowsy. They can also stop or prevent convulsions and seizures. The most common uses are for anesthesia reasons, treating epilepsy and nonepileptic seizures, insomnia and other conditions.
12006-Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS)-Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a condition in which the ovaries produce an abnormal amount of androgens, male sex hormones that are usually present in women in small amounts. The name polycystic ovary syndrome describes the numerous small cysts (fluid-filled sacs) that form in the ovaries.
12007-Encephalitis-Encephalitis is inflammation of the active tissues of the brain caused by an infection or an autoimmune response. The inflammation causes the brain to swell, which can lead to headache, stiff neck, sensitivity to light, mental confusion and seizures.
12008-Cyst of the eyelid-A chalazion (or meibomian cyst) is a small lump or swelling in the eyelid, containing fluid or semi-solid material. It is a fairly common condition and is caused by a blockage in one of the small glands in the eyelid, called the meibomian gland.
12009-Balanitis-Balanitis is when the head of the penis is swollen and sore.Balanitis is not usually serious but it's important to see a GP to find out what's causing it.
12010-Foreign body in the throat-Pharyngeal or tracheal foreign bodies are medical emergencies requiring surgical consultation. Radiography results are often normal. Flexible or rigid endoscopy usually is required to confirm the diagnosis and to remove the foreign body.
12011-Drug abuse (cocaine)-Any use of Cocaine is considered abuse because it is an illegal substance. Cocaine is a central nervous system stimulant that affects the brain by stimulating high levels of dopamine, a brain chemical associated with pleasure and reward. Over time, Cocaine negatively effects every part of the body with potential for severe long-term effects. It can cause changes to genetics in brain cells, nerve cells and proteins, among other permanent effects.
12012-Optic neuritis-Optic neuritis occurs when swelling (inflammation) damages the optic nerve — a bundle of nerve fibers that transmits visual information from your eye to your brain. Common symptoms of optic neuritis include pain with eye movement and temporary vision loss in one eye.
12013-Alcohol withdrawal-withdrawal rom any substance happens because your body has become physically dependent on it. this happens because the substance is a central nervous system depressant that changes the way your brain works. Specifically, drinking alcohol causes your brain to produce more GABA (a neurotransmitter that makes you feel calm and euphoric) and less glutamate (a neurotransmitter that makes you feel excitable).
12014-Premature atrial contractions (PACs)-Premature atrial contractions (PACs) are extra heartbeats that begin in one of your heart's two upper chambers (atria). These extra beats disrupt your regular heart rhythm. They are a type of heart arrhythmia.
12015-Hemiplegia-Hemiplegia refers to severe or complete loss of strength leading to paralysis on one side of the body and is usually the result of brain damage in the cerebral hemisphere, opposite the side of paralysis. Hemiplegia may be caused by several vascular conditions, injuries, infections, and congenital disorders.
12016-Hammer toe-Hammertoe and mallet toe are foot deformities that occur due to an imbalance in the muscles, tendons or ligaments that normally hold the toe straight. The type of shoes you wear, foot structure, trauma and certain disease processes can contribute to the development of these deformities.
12017-Open wound of the cheek-An open wound of the cheek means a cut or break in the skin. The wound may be minor and near the surface of the skin. Or the wound may be more serious, affecting deeper tissues of a child's cheek, such as nerves, blood vessels, or bone
12018-Joint effusion-Fluid is normally found in joints such as knees, hips, and elbows. When too much fluid builds up around a joint in your body, it's called joint effusion. When you have this problem, your joint may look swollen.
12019-Open wound of the knee-bacteria can enter and multiply inside, causing an infection. An infected wound will ooze pus, feel warm, and be painful. You may also develop a fever. Soft tissues, bones, and organs may develop an infection.
12020-Meningioma-A meningioma is a primary central nervous system (CNS) tumor. This means it begins in the brain or spinal cord. Overall, meningiomas are the most common type of primary brain tumor. However, higher grade meningiomas are very rare.
12021-Brain cancer-All brain cancers are tumors,A brain tumor can form in the brain cells (as shown), or it can begin elsewhere and spread to the brain. As the tumor grows, it creates pressure on and changes the function of surrounding brain tissue, which causes signs and symptoms such as headaches, nausea and balance problems.
12022-Placental abruption-Placental abruption occurs when the placenta partly or completely separates from the inner wall of the uterus before delivery. This can decrease or block the baby's supply of oxygen and nutrients and cause heavy bleeding in the mother.
12023-Seasonal allergies (hay fever)-Hay fever is caused by an allergic response to a harmless outdoor or indoor substance the body identifies as harmful (allergen). Common allergens that can trigger hay fever symptoms include pollen and dust mites.
12024-Lung cancer-Lung cancer is a type of cancer that begins in the lungs. Your lungs are two spongy organs in your chest that take in oxygen when you inhale and release carbon dioxide when you exhale. Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths worldwide.
12025-Eye alignment disorder-Strabismus is a visual disorder in which the eyes are misaligned and point in different directions. This misalignment may be constant or intermittent.
12026-Headache after lumbar puncture-a common complication of diagnostic LP. It also can occur following spinal anesthesia or, more commonly, inadvertent dural puncture during attempted epidural catheter placement.
12027-Pyloric stenosis- Pyloric stenosis is a thickening or swelling of the pylorus — the muscle between the stomach and the intestines — that causes severe and forceful vomiting in the first few months of life. It is also called infantile hypertrophic pyloric stenosis.
12028-Salivary gland disorder-Salivary gland disorders happen when something blocks one or more of the salivary glands, preventing them from producing or releasing saliva. Conditions that can cause problems with the salivary glands include cancerous tumors, Sjögren's syndrome, infections, and stones that form in the glands.
12029-Osteochondrosis-Osteochondrosis is a term used to describe a group of disorders that affect the growing skeleton. These disorders result from abnormal growth, injury, or overuse of the developing growth plate and surrounding ossification centers.
12030-Injury to the knee-Most knee injuries cause pain. A knee injury may also lead to the knee feeling weak, "giving way," or "locking." Someone with a knee injury might not be able to fully bend or straighten the knee. The injured knee may be swollen or bruised.
12031-Metabolic disorder-Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of conditions that occur together, increasing your risk of heart disease, stroke and type 2 diabetes. These conditions include increased blood pressure, high blood sugar, excess body fat around the waist, and abnormal cholesterol or triglyceride levels.
12032-Vaginitis-Vaginitis is an inflammation of the vagina that can result in discharge, itching and pain. The cause is usually a change in the balance of vaginal bacteria or an infection. Reduced estrogen levels after menopause and some skin disorders also can cause vaginitis.
12033-Sick sinus syndrome-ck sinus syndrome is a type of heart rhythm disorder. It affects the heart's natural pacemaker (sinus node), which controls the heartbeat. Sick sinus syndrome causes slow heartbeats, pauses (long periods between heartbeats) or irregular heartbeats (arrhythmias). Sick sinus syndrome is relatively uncommon.
12034-Tinnitus of unknown cause-Tinnitus is a physical condition, experienced as noises or ringing in a person's ears or head, when no such external physical noise is present. Tinnitus is not a disease in itself. It is a symptom of a fault in a person's auditory (hearing) system, which includes the ears and the brain.
12035-Glaucoma-A condition in which there is a build-up of fluid in the eye, which presses on the retina and the optic nerve. The retina is the layer of nerve tissue inside the eye that senses light and sends images along the optic nerve to the brain.
12036-Eating disorder-Eating disorders are serious mental health disorders. They involve severe problems with your thoughts about food and your eating behaviors. 
12037-Transient ischemic attack-A transient ischaemic attack (TIA) or "mini stroke" is caused by a temporary disruption in the blood supply to part of the brain. The disruption in blood supply results in a lack of oxygen to the brain.
12038-Pyelonephritis-Pyelonephritis is a type of urinary tract infection where one or both kidneys become infected. They can be infected by bacteria or a virus. It can cause people to feel very sick and it requires treatment. This article will tell you more about kidney infection and what to do about it.
12039-Rotator cuff injury-he rotator cuff is a group of muscles and tendons that hold the shoulder joint in place and allow you to move your arm and shoulder. Problems occur when part of the rotator cuff becomes irritated or damaged. This can result in pain, weakness and reduced range of motion.
12040-Chronic pain disorder-Chronic pain is pain that lasts for over three months. The pain can be there all the time, or it may come and go. It can happen anywhere in your body. Chronic pain can interfere with your daily activities, such as working, having a social life and taking care of yourself or others.
12041-Problem during pregnancy-Complications of pregnancy are health problems that occur during pregnancy. They can involve the mother's health, the baby's health, or both.
12042-Liver cancer- Primary liver cancer is cancer that forms in the tissues of the liver. Secondary liver cancer is cancer that spreads to the liver from another part of the body.
12043-Atelectasis-Failure of the lung to expand (inflate) completely. This may be caused by a blocked airway, a tumor, general anesthesia, pneumonia or other lung infections, lung disease, or long-term bedrest with shallow breathing. Sometimes called a collapsed lung.
12044-Injury to the hand-hand injuries-injuries to the bone or soft tissue occurring below the wrist joint with exception of tendon injuries outside of this zone. Types of hand injuries-tissues involved in the injury as skin, tendon, nerve, vessel, bone or combination of these injuries.
12045-Choledocholithiasis-holedocholithiasis is the presence of at least one gallstone in the common bile duct. The stone may be made up of bile pigments or calcium and cholesterol salts.
12046-Injury to the hip-A hip strain occurs when one of the muscles supporting the hip joint is stretched beyond its limit or torn. Strains may be mild, moderate, or severe, depending on the extent of the injury. A severe strain can limit your ability to move your hip.
12047-Cirrhosis-A type of chronic, progressive liver disease in which liver cells are replaced by scar tissue.
12048-Thoracic aortic aneurysm-A thoracic aortic aneurysm is a weakened area in the upper part of the body's main blood vessel (aorta). Aneurysms can develop anywhere in the aorta. A thoracic aortic aneurysm is a weakened area in the body's main artery (aorta) in the chest. When the aortic wall is weak, the artery may widen.
12049-Subdural hemorrhage-A kind of intracranial hemorrhage, which is the bleeding in the area between the brain and the skull. Specifically, it is a bleed just under the dura, which is one of the protective layers of tissue that surrounds the brain.
12050-Congenital rubella-Congenital rubella syndrome (CRS) is an illness in infants that results from maternal infection with rubella virus during pregnancy. When rubella infection occurs during early pregnancy, serious consequences–such as miscarriages, stillbirths, and a constellation of severe birth defects in infants–can result.
12051-Diabetic retinopathy-Diabetic retinopathy is a complication of diabetes, caused by high blood sugar levels damaging the back of the eye (retina). It can cause blindness if left undiagnosed and untreated.
12052-Fibromyalgia-Fibromyalgia is a chronic (long-lasting) disorder that causes pain and tenderness throughout the body, as well as fatigue and trouble sleeping. Scientists do not fully understand what causes it, but people with the disorder have a heightened sensitivity to pain.
12053-Ischemia of the bowel-Intestinal ischemia (is-KEE-me-uh) describes a variety of conditions that occur when blood flow to your intestines decreases. Ischemia can be due to a fully or partially blocked blood vessel, usually an artery, or low blood pressure leading to an overall reduced blood flow.
12054-Fetal alcohol syndrome-are a group of conditions that can occur in a person who was exposed to alcohol before birth. These effects can include physical problems and problems with behavior and learning. Often, a person with an FASD has a mix of these problems.
12055-Peritonitis-Peritonitis is a serious condition that starts in the abdomen. That's the area of the body between the chest and the pelvis. Peritonitis happens when the thin layer of tissue inside the abdomen becomes inflamed. The tissue layer is called the peritoneum.
12056-Injury to the abdomen-Abdominal trauma is an injury to the abdomen. Signs and symptoms include abdominal pain, tenderness, rigidity, and bruising of the external abdomen. Complications may include blood loss and infection.
12057-Acute pancreatitis-Acute pancreatitis is a condition where the pancreas becomes inflamed (swollen) over a short period of time. The pancreas is a small organ, located behind the stomach, that helps with digestion. Most people with acute pancreatitis start to feel better within about a week and have no further problems.
12058-Thrombophlebitis-Thrombophlebitis is swelling (inflammation) of a vein. A blood clot (thrombus) in the vein can cause this swelling.
12059-Asthma-A chronic disease in which the bronchial airways in the lungs become narrowed and swollen, making it difficult to breathe. Symptoms include wheezing, coughing, tightness in the chest, shortness of breath, and rapid breathing.
12060-Foreign body in the vagina-A foreign body is something that is stuck inside you but isn't supposed to be there. You may inhale or swallow a foreign body, or you may get one from an injury to almost any part of your body. Foreign bodies are more common in small children, who sometimes stick things in their mouths, ears, and noses.
12061-Restless leg syndrome-Restless legs syndrome (RLS),causes unpleasant or uncomfortable sensations in the legs and an irresistible urge to move them. Symptoms commonly occur in the late afternoon or evening hours, and are often most severe at night when a person is resting, such as sitting or lying in bed.
12062-Emphysema- disorder affecting the alveoli (tiny air sacs) of the lungs. The transfer of oxygen and carbon dioxide in the lungs takes place in the walls of the alveoli. In emphysema, the alveoli become abnormally inflated, damaging their walls and making it harder to breathe.
12063-Cysticercosis-Cysticercosis is a parasitic tissue infection caused by larval cysts of the tapeworm Taenia solium. These larval cysts infect brain, muscle, or other tissue, and are a major cause of adult onset seizures in most low-income countries.
12064-Induced abortion-bortion refers to a pregnancy loss or termination, either before 20 weeks’ gestation or when the fetus weighs less than 500?g. Changing terminology now refers to spontaneous, incomplete, and missed abortions asearly pregnancy loss (EPL). The termabortion is now limited to medical or surgical procedures to terminate a pregnancy that may be performed electively or for medical reasons.
12065-Teething syndrome-Teething syndrome — or simply “teething” — is a normal process that some infants go through as their teeth break, or cut, through their gums. According to the American Dental Association, babies start teething when they are between 6 and 12 months old.
12066-Infectious gastroenteritis-Inflammation of the lining of the stomach and the intestines. Symptoms may include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and abdominal cramps (dull or sharp pains). Gastroenteritis may be caused by infection with bacteria, parasites, or viruses.
12067-Acute sinusitis-Acute sinusitis is a short-term inflammation of the sinuses, most often including a sinus infection. (Sinusitis is also known as rhinosinusitis because the swelling almost always includes nasal tissue as well as sinus tissue.) The sinuses are four paired cavities (spaces) in the head.
12068-Von Hippel Lindau disease-Von Hippel-Lindau syndrome (VHL) is a hereditary condition associated with tumors arising in multiple organs. VHL-related tumors include hemangioblastomas, which are blood vessel tumors of the brain, spinal cord, and retina.
12069-Substance related mental disorder-A substance use disorder (SUD) is a mental disorder that affects a person's brain and behavior, leading to a person's inability to control their use of substances such as legal or illegal drugs, alcohol, or medications. Symptoms can range from moderate to severe, with addiction being the most severe form of SUDs.
12070-Postpartum depression-The postpartum period, also known as the puerperium and the "fourth trimester," refers to the time after birth when the physiologic changes related to pregnancy return to the nonpregnant state.
12071-Coronary atherosclerosis-Coronary artery disease is caused by plaque buildup in the wall of the arteries that supply blood to the heart (called coronary arteries). Plaque is made up of cholesterol deposits. Plaque buildup causes the inside of the arteries to narrow over time. This process is called atherosclerosis.
12072-Spondylitis-Ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease that, over time, can cause some of the bones in the spine (vertebrae) to fuse. This fusing makes the spine less flexible and can result in a hunched posture.
12073-Pituitary adenoma-Scientists aren't sure of the exact cause of pituitary adenomas. But some adenomas have been linked to accidental changes, or mutations in DNA, the material within a cell that makes up our genes. These changes cause the cells in your pituitary gland to grow out of control, making a mass (growth).
12074-Uterine fibroids-Uterine fibroids, also called leiomyomas or myomas, are growths that appear in the uterus. They're made of uterine muscle. They're noncancerous and extremely common.
12075-Idiopathic nonmenstrual bleeding-Abnormal vaginal bleeding between periods is also called intermenstrual bleeding, spotting, and metrorrhagia. When bleeding occurs between normal periods, there are many possible causes. While some causes may be easy to treat, others can indicate a serious underlying condition.
12076-Chalazion-A chalazion is a red bump on your eyelid. It is sometimes called an eyelid cyst or a meibomian cyst. It slowly forms when an oil gland (called a meibomian) becomes blocked. At first, the chalazion may be painful, but after a little time, it usually doesn't hurt.
12077-Ovarian torsion-An uncommon but serious condition called ovarian torsion (also known as adnexal torsion) occurs when the ovary, and sometimes the fallopian tube, twist on the tissues that support them. This cuts off the blood supply to the ovary, which if not treated promptly, can cause tissue in the organ to die.
12078-Retinopathy due to high blood pressure-Hypertensive retinopathy occurs when the blood vessels supplying blood to the retina in the back of the eye become damaged. The likelihood of damage to the retina increases with the severity of high blood pressure and the length of time over which the condition is experienced.
12079-Vaginal yeast infection- A vaginal yeast infection is a fungal infection that causes irritation, discharge and intense itchiness of the vagina and the vulva — the tissues at the vaginal opening. Also called vaginal candidiasis, vaginal yeast infection affects up to 3 out of 4 women at some point in their lifetimes.
12080-Mastoiditis- Mastoiditis is an infection of the mastoid bone of the skull. The mastoid is located just behind the ear.
12081-Lung contusion-Lung contusion is an entity involving injury to the alveolar capillaries, without any tear or cut in the lung tissue. This results in accumulation of blood and other fluids within the lung tissue. The excess fluid interferes with gas exchange leading to hypoxia.
12082-Hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (HOCM)-Hypertrophic Obstructive Cardiomyopathy (HOCM) is a cardiac abnormality which leads to the muscle in the wall of the heart growing and thickening to the point that it blocks blood flow exiting the heart.
12083-Ingrown toe nail-ngrown toenails are a common condition in which the corner or side of a toenail grows into the soft flesh. The result is pain, inflamed skin, swelling and, sometimes, an infection. Ingrown toenails usually affect the big toe.
12084-Pulmonary eosinophilia-Pulmonary eosinophilia (PE) is defined as the infiltration of eosinophils into the lung compartments constituting airways, interstitium, and alveoli. Various infections, drugs, parasites, autoimmune processes, malignancies, and obstructive lung diseases have been associated with increased eosinophils in the lungs.
12085-Open wound of the hip-A laceration(Medical Term) is a wound that is produced by the tearing of soft body tissue. This type of wound is often irregular and jagged. A laceration wound is often contaminated with bacteria and debris from whatever object caused the cut.
12086-Corneal disorder-Corneal disease is a serious condition that can cause clouding, distortion, scarring, and eventually blindness. There are many types of corneal disease. The three major types are keratoconus, Fuchs' endothelial dystrophy, and bullous keratopathy.
12087-Foreign body in the gastrointestinal tract-Foreign bodies are ingested objects that can get stuck in the digestive tract and sometimes perforate (pierce) it. Foreign bodies may be accidentally or intentionally swallowed. Foreign bodies may cause no symptoms or may cause symptoms depending on where they become stuck.
12088-Endophthalmitis-Endophthalmitis means bacterial or fungal infection inside the eye, involving the vitreous and/or aqueous humors. Most cases of endophthalmitis are exogenous, and organisms are introduced into the eye via trauma, surgery, or an infected cornea.
12089-Intestinal malabsorption-Malabsorption is difficulty in the digestion or absorption of nutrients from food. Malabsorption can affect growth and development, or it can lead to specific illnesses. Some of the causes of malabsorption include: Cystic fibrosis (the number one cause in the United States) Chronic pancreatitis.
12090-Lead poisoning-Lead poisoning occurs when lead builds up in the body, often over months or years. Even small amounts of lead can cause serious health problems. Children younger than 6 years are especially vulnerable to lead poisoning, which can severely affect mental and physical development.
12091-Viral warts-Warts are a type of skin infection caused by the human papillomavirus (HPV). The infection causes rough, skin-colored bumps to form on the skin. The virus is contagious. You can get warts from touching someone who has them.
12092-Hyperhidrosis-Hyperhidrosis is a common condition in which a person sweats excessively. The sweating may affect the whole of your body, or it may only affect certain areas. Commonly affected areas include the: armpits. palms of your hands.
12093-Stroke-A stroke, sometimes called a brain attack, occurs when something blocks blood supply to part of the brain or when a blood vessel in the brain bursts. In either case, parts of the brain become damaged or die. A stroke can cause lasting brain damage, long-term disability, or even death.
12094-Pilonidal cyst-A pilonidal cyst (also called pilonidal cyst disease, intergluteal pilonidal disease or pilonidal sinus) is a skin condition that happens in the crease of the buttocks — anywhere from the tailbone to the anus. A pilonidal cyst can be extremely painful especially when sitting.
12095-Crushing injury-Crush injury is the result of physical trauma from prolonged compression of the torso, limb(s), or other parts of the body. The resultant injury to the soft tissues, muscles, and nerves can be due to the primary direct effect of the trauma or ischemia related to compression.
12096-Normal pressure hydrocephalus-ormal pressure hydrocephalus (NPH) is an abnormal buildup of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) in the brain's ventricles, or cavities. It occurs if the normal flow of CSF throughout the brain and spinal cord is blocked in some way.
12097-Alopecia-he lack or loss of hair from areas of the body where hair is usually found.
12098-Hashimoto thyroiditis-Hashimoto's thyroiditis is the most common type of this health problem. It is an autoimmune disease. It occurs when your body makes antibodies that attack the cells in your thyroid. The thyroid then can't make enough of the thyroid hormone. Many people with this problem have an underactive thyroid gland.
12099-Flat feet-Flat feet (pes planus) refer to a change in foot shape in which the foot does not have a normal arch when standing.
12100-Nonalcoholic liver disease (NASH)-A type of liver disease in which fat builds up in the liver of people who drink little or no alcohol. This causes inflammation of the liver and damage to the cells in the liver, which may lead to cirrhosis (scarring of the liver) and liver failure.
12101-Hemarthrosis-Hemarthrosis is a condition of articular bleeding, that is into the joint cavity. This can occur after an injury or, more commonly, in bleeding disorders such as hemophilia. Patients will typically present with pain, swelling and a decreased range of motion of the involved joint.
12102-Pelvic organ prolapse-elvic organ prolapse is when 1 or more of the organs in the pelvis slip down from their normal position and bulge into the vagina. It can be the womb (uterus), bowel, bladder or top of the vagina. A prolapse is not life threatening, but it can cause pain and discomfort.
12103-Fracture of the arm-n arm fracture is a broken or cracked bone in any of the three bones that construct the arm. The humerus is the bone in the upper arm between the shoulder joint and the elbow joint. There are two bones in the forearm: the radius and the ulna. They are located between the elbow joint and the joints of the wrist.
12104-Coagulation (bleeding) disorder-Coagulation disorders refer to conditions that affect how the body controls blood clotting. If a person's blood does not clot, or coagulate, normally, they may experience complications from bleeding too much after injury or surgery or having blockages that prevent blood flow.
12105-Panic disorder-Panic disorder is an anxiety disorder where you regularly have sudden attacks of panic or fear. Everyone experiences feelings of anxiety and panic at certain times. It's a natural response to stressful or dangerous situations.
12106-Vocal cord polyp-Vocal cord nodules, vocal cord cysts, and vocal cord polyps are noncancerous growths or bumps, like calluses on your vocal cords. They can cause your voice to sound raspy, breathy, or hoarse. Your voice may crack or cut in and out as the bumps prevent your vocal cords from vibrating normally.
12107-Turner syndrome-urner syndrome, a condition that affects only females, results when one of the X chromosomes (sex chromosomes) is missing or partially missing. Turner syndrome can cause a variety of medical and developmental problems, including short height, failure of the ovaries to develop and heart defects.
12108-Cryptorchidism-A condition in which one or both testicles fail to move from the abdomen, where they develop before birth, into the scrotum. Undescended testicles may increase the risk for development of testicular cancer. Also called cryptorchidism.
12109-Poisoning due to ethylene glycol-Ethylene glycol poisoning is poisoning caused by drinking ethylene glycol. Early symptoms include intoxication, vomiting and abdominal pain. Later symptoms may include a decreased level of consciousness, headache, and seizures. Long term outcomes may include kidney failure and brain damage.
12110-Atrophic vaginitis- condition in which the tissues lining the inside of the vagina (birth canal) become thin, dry, and inflamed. This is caused by a decrease in the amount of estrogen (a female hormone) made by the body. Symptoms of atrophic vaginitis include vaginal dryness, itching, and burning, and pain during sexual intercourse.
12111-Fracture of the hand-e 5 bones in your hand that connect your wrist to your thumb and fingers are called the metacarpal bones. You have a fracture (break) in one or more of these bones. This is called a hand (or metacarpal) fracture.
12112-Cellulitis or abscess of mouth-Cellulitis is a common bacterial skin infection that causes redness, swelling, and pain in the infected area of the skin. If untreated, it can spread and cause serious health problems.
12113-Food allergy-llergies occur when your immune system reacts to a foreign substance — such as pollen, bee venom or pet dander — or a food that doesn't cause a reaction in most people. Your immune system produces substances known as antibodies.
12114-Labyrinthitis-abyrinthitis is an inner ear infection. It causes a delicate structure deep inside your ear called the labyrinth to become inflamed, affecting your hearing and balance.
12115-Anxiety-Anxiety is a feeling of fear, dread, and uneasiness. It might cause you to sweat, feel restless and tense, and have a rapid heartbeat. It can be a normal reaction to stress. For example, you might feel anxious when faced with a difficult problem at work, before taking a test, or before making an important decision.
12116-Impulse control disorder-mpulse control disorders are characterized by chronic problems in which people lack the ability to maintain self-control which ultimately results in the onset of extreme disruptions and dysfunctions in personal, familial, social, and academic aspects of their lives.
12117-Stenosis of the tear duct-Lacrimal duct stenosis is a narrowing of a tear duct (lacrimal duct). It can happen in children and adults. This fact sheet will focus on lacrimal duct stenosis in infants.
12118-Abscess of nose-An abscess is a bacterial infection that forms a pocket of pus. You can get an abscess in your nose after an injury, such as a blow to the face. A nasal abscess also may develop if you have had a sinus infection (sinusitis). You may find it hard to breathe through the side of your nose with the abscess.
12119-Omphalitis-Omphalitis is an infection of the umbilicus and/or surrounding tissues, occurring primarily in the neonatal period. It is limited to around the umbilicus in the majority of newborns. However, it can rapidly progress to systemic infection and death, with an estimated mortality rate between 7% to 15%.
12120-Leukemia-ancer that starts in blood-forming tissue, such as the bone marrow, and causes large numbers of abnormal blood cells to be produced and enter the bloodstream.
12121-Bell palsy-Bell's palsy, also known as idiopathic facial palsy, is a form of temporary facial paralysis or weakness on one side of the face.
12122-Conjunctivitis due to allergy-llergic conjunctivitis is an inflammatory response of the conjunctiva to an allergen. It is part of a larger systemic atopic reaction and is usually seasonal with associated upper respiratory tract symptoms and complaints of redness and swelling of the conjunctiva with severe itching and increased lacrimation.
12123-Drug reaction-n adverse drug reaction (ADR) can be defined as 'an appreciably harmful or unpleasant reaction resulting from an intervention related to the use of a medicinal product; adverse effects usually predict hazard from future administration and warrant prevention, or specific treatment, or alteration of the dosage regimen, ...
12124-Adrenal cancer-Adrenal cancer is a rare cancer that begins in one or both of the small, triangular glands (adrenal glands) located on top of your kidneys. Adrenal glands produce hormones that give instructions to virtually every organ and tissue in your body. Adrenal cancer, also called adrenocortical cancer, can occur at any age.
12125-Myopia-er away look blurry. It occurs when the shape of the eye — or the shape of certain parts of the eye — causes light rays to bend (refract) inaccurately.
12126-Osteoarthritis-Osteoarthritis occurs when the cartilage that cushions the ends of bones in your joints gradually deteriorates. Cartilage is a firm, slippery tissue that enables nearly frictionless joint motion. Eventually, if the cartilage wears down completely, bone will rub on bone.
12127-Thyroid disease-Thyroid disease is a general term for a medical condition that keeps your thyroid from making the right amount of hormones. Your thyroid typically makes hormones that keep your body functioning normally. When the thyroid makes too much thyroid hormone, your body uses energy too quickly. This is called hyperthyroidism.
12128-Pharyngitis-Pharyngitis, or sore throat, is discomfort, pain, or scratchiness in the throat. It often makes it painful to swallow.
12129-Chronic rheumatic fever-n some people, repeated strep infections cause the immune system to react against the tissues of the body including inflaming and scarring the heart valves. This is what is referred to as rheumatic fever. Rheumatic heart disease results then from the inflammation and scarring of heart valves caused by rheumatic fever
12130-Hypocalcemia-ypocalcemia is a treatable condition that happens when the levels of calcium in your blood are too low. Many different health conditions can cause hypocalcemia, and it's often caused by abnormal levels of parathyroid hormone (PTH) or vitamin D in your body.
12131-Macular degeneration-ge-related macular degeneration (AMD) is an eye disease that can blur your central vision. It happens when aging causes damage to the macula — the part of the eye that controls sharp, straight-ahead vision. The macula is part of the retina (the light-sensitive tissue at the back of the eye).
12132-Pneumonia- A severe inflammation of the lungs in which the alveoli (tiny air sacs) are filled with fluid. This may cause a decrease in the amount of oxygen that blood can absorb from air breathed into the lung.
12133-Cold sore-Cold sores or “fever blisters” occur on the lips or around the margins of the lips. The medical term for cold sores, Herpes Labialis, refers to the Herpes virus Type1 (HSV-1) that most often causes theses sores, though Herpes virus Type 2 (HSV-2) less often can also be a cause.
12134-Premature ventricular contractions (PVCs)-Premature ventricular contractions (PVCs) are extra heartbeats that begin in one of the heart's two lower pumping chambers (ventricles). These extra beats disrupt the regular heart rhythm, sometimes causing a sensation of a fluttering or a skipped beat in the chest.
12135-Chancroid-hancroid is a sexually transmitted disease (STD) that results in sores on your genitals. You might see a soft chancre, an ulcer with ragged edges. The sore may be painful and contain pus. It's always important to contact your healthcare provider when you have any type of sore or pain in your genitals.
12136-Testicular cancer- Cancer that forms in tissues of one or both testicles. Testicular cancer is most common in young or middle-aged men. Most testicular cancers begin in germ cells (cells that make sperm) and are called testicular germ cell tumors.
12137-Hydrocephalus-Hydrocephalus is an abnormal buildup of fluid in the ventricles (cavities) deep within the brain. This excess fluid causes the ventricles to widen, putting pressure on the brain's tissues. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) is the clear, colorless fluid that protects and cushions the brain and spine.
12138-Breast cancer-Breast cancer is a disease in which cells in the breast grow out of control. There are different kinds of breast cancer. The kind of breast cancer depends on which cells in the breast turn into cancer. Breast cancer can begin in different parts of the breast.
12139-Anemia due to malignancy-nemia is a common condition of cancer patients. This is because cancers cause inflammation that decrease red blood cell production. In addition, many chemotherapies are myelosuppressive, meaning they slow down the production of new blood cells by the bone marrow.
12140-Esophageal varices-sophageal varices are dilated submucosal distal esophageal veins connecting the portal and systemic circulations. This happens due to portal hypertension (most commonly a result of cirrhosis), resistance to portal blood flow, and increased portal venous blood inflow.
12141-Endometrial cancer-Endometrial cancer is a disease in which malignant (cancer) cells form in the tissues of the endometrium. The endometrium is the lining of the uterus, a hollow, muscular organ in a woman's pelvis. The uterus is where a fetus grows.
12142-Cystic Fibrosis-A common hereditary disease in which exocrine (secretory) glands produce abnormally thick mucus. This mucus can cause problems in digestion, breathing, and body cooling.
12143-Intertrigo (skin condition)-Intertrigo is a common inflammatory skin condition that is caused by skin-to-skin friction (rubbing) that is intensified by heat and moisture. It usually looks like a reddish rash. Trapped moisture, which is usually due to sweating, causes the surfaces of your skin to stick together in your skin folds.
12144-Parathyroid adenoma- A parathyroid adenoma is a noncancerous (benign) tumor of the parathyroid glands. The parathyroid glands are located in the neck, near or attached to the back side of the thyroid gland.
12145-Glucocorticoid deficiency-Familial glucocorticoid deficiency is a condition that occurs when the adrenal glands, which are hormone-producing glands located on top of each kidney, do not produce certain hormones called glucocorticoids .
12146-Temporomandibular joint disorder-Temporomandibular Joint (TMJ) disorders are conditions affecting the jaw joints and surrounding muscles and ligaments. It can be caused by trauma, an improper bite, arthritis or wear and tear. Common symptoms include jaw tenderness, headaches, earaches and facial pain.
12147-Wilson disease-ilson's disease is a rare inherited disorder that causes copper to accumulate in your liver, brain and other vital organs. Most people with Wilson's disease are diagnosed between the ages of 5 and 35, but it can affect younger and older people, as well.
12148-Vesicoureteral reflux-Vesicoureteral (ves-ih-koe-yoo-REE-tur-ul) reflux is the abnormal flow of urine from your bladder back up the tubes (ureters) that connect your kidneys to your bladder.
12149-Vitamin A deficiency-Vitamin A deficiency is when your body lacks the amount of vitamin A it needs to function properly. Vitamin A deficiency can cause vision loss and blindness. It can also lead to complications with your skin, heart, lungs, tissues and immune system.
12150-Gonorrhea-Gonorrhea is caused by the bacterium Neisseria gonorrhoeae. The gonorrhea bacteria are most often passed from one person to another during sexual contact, including oral, anal or vaginal intercourse.
12151-Fracture of the rib-A fractured rib occurs when one of the bones in your rib cage breaks or cracks. A broken rib is a common injury that occurs when one of the bones in your rib cage breaks or cracks. The most common cause is chest trauma, such as from a fall, motor vehicle accident or impact during contact sports.
12152-Ependymoma-A type of brain tumor that begins in cells lining the spinal cord central canal (fluid-filled space down the center) or the ventricles (fluid-filled spaces of the brain). Ependymomas may also form in the choroid plexus (tissue in the ventricles that makes cerebrospinal fluid).
12153-Hepatitis due to a toxin-Toxic hepatitis is an inflammation of your liver in reaction to certain substances to which you're exposed. Toxic hepatitis can be caused by alcohol, chemicals, drugs or nutritional supplements. In some cases, toxic hepatitis develops within hours or days of exposure to a toxin
12154-Vaginal cyst- vaginal cyst is a fluid-filled lump located on or near the vagina. Vaginal cysts are usually caused by childbirth, injury to the vagina or blocked glands. Your healthcare provider can diagnose vaginal cysts during a physical exam and recommend treatment.
12155-Open wound of the shoulder-A laceration(Medical Term) is a wound that is produced by the tearing of soft body tissue. This type of wound is often irregular and jagged. A laceration wound is often contaminated with bacteria and debris from whatever object caused the cut.
12156-Ectopic pregnancy-A condition in which a fertilized egg grows outside of the uterus, usually in one of the fallopian tubes. Symptoms include sharp pain on one side of the abdomen and bleeding from the vagina. Also called extrauterine pregnancy.
12157-Chronic knee pain-Chronic knee pain is long-term pain, swelling, or sensitivity in one or both knees. The cause of your knee pain can determine the symptoms you experience. Many conditions can cause or contribute to chronic knee pain, and many treatments exist.
12158-Pinguecula-Pinguecula (pronounced, ping-gweh-kyuh-luh) is a yellowish raised growth on your eye's conjunctiva. Your conjunctiva is the clear membrane that covers the white part of your eye. The pinguecula typically forms on the inner side of the white part of your eye, near your nose.
12159-Hypergammaglobulinemia-Polyclonal gammopathy, also known as hypergammaglobulinemia, is a condition in which white blood cells make too many proteins (antibodies). Healthcare providers treat the underlying cause of the immune response to help treat polyclonal gammopathy.
12160-Alcohol abuse-lcohol abuse, also called alcohol misuse is a serious problem. It is a pattern of drinking too much alcohol too often. It interferes with your daily life. You may be suffering from alcohol abuse if you drink too much alcohol at one time or too often throughout the week.
12161-Carpal tunnel syndrome-Carpal tunnel syndrome is caused by pressure on the median nerve. The carpal tunnel is a narrow passageway surrounded by bones and ligaments on the palm side of the hand. When the median nerve is compressed, symptoms can include numbness, tingling, and weakness in the hand and arm.
12162-Pituitary disorder-Pituitary disorders occur when the pituitary gland makes too much or too little of a particular hormone. Most often, these disorders are caused by a pituitary tumor. Most pituitary tumors are noncancerous (benign).
12163-Kidney stone-Kidney stones (also called renal calculi, nephrolithiasis or urolithiasis) are hard deposits made of minerals and salts that form inside your kidneys. Diet, excess body weight, some medical conditions, and certain supplements and medications are among the many causes of kidney stones.
12164-Autism-utism, also called autism spectrum disorder (ASD), is a complicated condition that includes problems with communication and behavior.
12165-Cat scratch disease-Cat scratch disease (CSD) is a bacterial infection spread by cats. The disease spreads when an infected cat licks a person's open wound, or bites or scratches a person hard enough to break the surface of the skin.
12166-Chronic glaucoma-Glaucoma is a group of eye conditions that damage the optic nerve. The optic nerve sends visual information from your eye to your brain and is vital for good vision. Damage to the optic nerve is often related to high pressure in your eye. But glaucoma can happen even with normal eye pressure.
12167-Retinal detachment-A detached retina is when the thin layer at the back of your eye (retina) becomes loose. It needs to be treated quickly to stop it permanently affecting your sight.
12168-Aplastic anemia-Aplastic anemia is a condition that occurs when your body stops producing enough new blood cells. The condition leaves you fatigued and more prone to infections and uncontrolled bleeding. A rare and serious condition, aplastic anemia can develop at any age.
12169-Overflow incontinence-Overflow incontinence means that you have the urge to urinate but can release only a small amount. This can be due to a weak bladder muscle or to blockage. Since your bladder doesn't empty as it should, it gets too full. It then leaks urine later, even though you feel no urge to urinate.
12170-Rabies- A disease of the nervous system caused by the rabies virus. Rabies is marked by an increase in saliva production, abnormal behavior, and eventual paralysis and death.
12171-Hemolytic anemia-Hemolytic anemia is a blood condition that occurs when your red blood cells are destroyed faster than they can be replaced. Hemolytic anemia can develop quickly or slowly, and it can be mild or serious.
12172-Lateral epicondylitis (tennis elbow)-Tennis elbow (lateral epicondylitis) is a painful condition that occurs when tendons in your elbow are overloaded, usually by repetitive motions of the wrist and arm. Despite its name, athletes aren't the only people who develop tennis elbow.
12173-Open wound of the eye-Corneal injury is a wound to the part of the eye known as the cornea. The cornea is the crystal clear (transparent) tissue that covers the front of the eye. It works with the lens of the eye to focus images on the retina
12174-Syphilis-Syphilis is a sexually transmitted infection (STI) that can cause serious health problems without treatment. Infection develops in stages (primary, secondary, latent, and tertiary). Each stage can have different signs and symptoms.
12175-Diabetic kidney disease-Diabetic nephropathy is a common complication of type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Over time, poorly controlled diabetes can cause damage to blood vessel clusters in your kidneys that filter waste from your blood. This can lead to kidney damage and cause high blood pressure.
12176-Nose disorder-an inflammation of the membranes lining the nose. Cerebral spinal fluid leaks. Chronic sinusitis with polyps – an inflammation of the sinuses that lasts more than 12 weeks and is associated with nasal polyps.
12177-Drug withdrawal-Withdrawal is also known as detoxification or detox. It's when you quit , or cut back, on using alcohol or other drugs. You may have developed a physical or psychological dependence on a drug, or both.
12178-Dental caries-Dental caries may be defined as a bacterial disease of calcified tissues of teeth and is characterized by demineralization of the inorganic and destruction of the organic substance of the tooth.
12179-Hypercholesterolemia-Hypercholesterolemia is a word for high levels of cholesterol in the blood. Some people have an inherited syndrome, which causes very high levels of cholesterol. Untreated high cholesterol raises the risk of heart disease and cardiovascular problems.
12180-Fracture of the patella-A kneecap (patella) fracture is a break of the bone located on the front of the knee joint. The patella is a sesamoid bone: a round bone embedded in a tendon that shields and protects a joint. In the case of the patella, ligaments attach it to both the thigh muscles (quadriceps) and the shinbone (tibia).
12181-Kidney failure-A condition in which the kidneys stop working and are not able to remove waste and extra water from the blood or keep body chemicals in balance. Acute or severe renal failure happens suddenly (for example, after an injury) and may be treated and cured.
12182-Fracture of the neck- it is a break in one or more of the bones found in the cervical (neck) portion of the spine. A fractured vertebra in the neck is a very serious condition which can result in paralysis and even death.
12183-Muscle spasm-Muscle spasms (muscle cramps) are painful contractions and tightening of your muscles. They're common, involuntary and unpredictable.
12184-Hemophilia-Hemophilia is caused by the lack of clotting factor VIII or IX in the blood. In most cases, hemophilia is passed down through families (inherited). Most of the time, it is passed to male children.
12185-Hyperosmotic hyperketotic state-Hyperosmolar hyperglycemic syndrome (HHS) is a serious complication of diabetes mellitus. HHS occurs when a person's blood glucose (sugar) levels are too high for a long period, leading to severe dehydration (extreme thirst) and confusion.
12186-Peritonsillar abscess-A peritonsillar abscess is an area of pus-filled tissue at the back of the mouth, next to one of the tonsils. The abscess can be very painful and can make it hard to open the mouth.
12187-Gastroparesis-Gastroparesis is a condition that affects the normal spontaneous movement of the muscles (motility) in your stomach. Ordinarily, strong muscular contractions propel food through your digestive tract.
12188-Itching of unknown cause-Itching on the whole body might be a symptom of an underlying illness, such as liver disease, kidney disease, anemia, diabetes, thyroid problems, multiple myeloma or lymphoma. Nerve disorders. Examples include multiple sclerosis, pinched nerves and shingles (herpes zoster). Psychiatric conditions.
12189-Fat embolism-Fat embolism is the presence of fat particles within the microcirculation, while FES is the systemic manifestation of fat emboli within the microcirculation. Common systemic manifestations include respiratory distress, altered mental status, and a rash. FES is most often associated with orthopedic trauma.
12190-Polycythemia vera-Polycythemia vera occurs when a mutation in a gene causes a problem with blood cell production. Normally, your body regulates the number of each of the three types of blood cells you have — red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets.
12191-Thrombocytopenia- condition in which there is a lower-than-normal number of platelets in the blood. It may result in easy bruising and excessive bleeding from wounds or bleeding in mucous membranes and other tissues.
12192-Head and neck cancer-Head and neck cancers include cancers of the mouth (such as lip and tongue), the pharynx or throat and the larynx or voice box. Early symptoms occur as a lump or nodule, numbness, swelling, hoarseness, sore throat or any difficulty moving the jaw or swallowing.
12193-Pseudohypoparathyroidism-Pseudohypoparathyroidism (PHP) is a genetic disorder in which the body fails to respond to parathyroid hormone. A related condition is hypoparathyroidism, in which the body does not make enough parathyroid hormone.
12194-Goiter- An enlarged thyroid. It may be caused by too little iodine in the diet or by other conditions. Most goiters are not cancer.
12195-Urge incontinence-Urge incontinence occurs when you have a strong, sudden need to urinate that is difficult to delay. The bladder then squeezes, or spasms, and you lose urine.
12196-Edward syndrome-A genetic disorder caused by having an extra chromosome 18 in some or all of the body's cells. Edwards syndrome is marked by a low birth weight and certain abnormal features.
12197-Open wound of the arm-A laceration(Medical Term) is a wound that is produced by the tearing of soft body tissue. This type of wound is often irregular and jagged. A laceration wound is often contaminated with bacteria and debris from whatever object caused the cut.
12198-Muscular dystrophy-Muscular dystrophies are a group of muscle diseases caused by mutations in a person's genes. Over time, muscle weakness decreases mobility, making everyday tasks difficult.
12199-Mittelschmerz-ttelschmerz is pain a woman might feel on one side of the belly once a month while she is ovulating. The pain is usually mild. It's a sign that she's released an egg from one of her ovaries. A woman is most fertile—and more likely to get pregnant—when she ovulates.
12200-Corneal abrasion-A corneal abrasion is a superficial scratch on the clear, protective "window" at the front of the eye (cornea). The cornea can be scratched by contact with dust, dirt, sand, wood shavings, plant matter, metal particles, contact lenses or even the edge of a piece of paper.
12201-Intracranial hemorrhage-Brain Bleed, Hemorrhage (Intracranial Hemorrhage) Brain bleeds – bleeding between the brain tissue and skull or within the brain tissue itself – can cause brain damage and be life-threatening. Some symptoms include headache; nausea and vomiting; or sudden tingling, weakness, numbness or paralysis of face, arm or leg.
12202-Hyperkalemia-With hyperkalemia, your body has too much potassium for your kidneys to remove. As a result, potassium builds up in your blood. In addition to conditions like kidney disease, these factors also contribute to hyperkalemia: A high-potassium diet, which can result from potassium supplements and salt substitutes.
12203-Cornea infection-Keratitis is an inflammation of the cornea — the clear, dome-shaped tissue on the front of your eye that covers the pupil and iris. Keratitis may or may not be associated with an infection.
12204-Abscess of the lung-Abstract. Lung abscess is a type of liquefactive necrosis of the lung tissue and formation of cavities (more than 2 cm) containing necrotic debris or fluid caused by microbial infection. It can be caused by aspiration, which may occur during altered consciousness and it usually causes a pus-filled cavity.
12205-Dengue fever-Dengue (DEN-gee) fever is a tropical disease caused by a virus carried by mosquitoes. The virus can cause fever, headaches, rashes, and pain throughout the body. Most cases of dengue fever are mild and go away on their own after about a week.
12206-Chronic sinusitis-Chronic sinusitis occurs when the spaces inside your nose and head (sinuses) are swollen and inflamed for three months or longer, despite treatment. This common condition interferes with the way mucus normally drains, and makes your nose stuffy.
12207-Cholesteatoma- Cholesteatoma is a type of skin cyst that is located in the middle ear and mastoid bone in the skull.
12208-Volvulus-Volvulus occurs when a loop of intestine twists around itself and the mesentery that supports it, causing bowel obstruction. Symptoms include abdominal distension, pain, vomiting, constipation, and bloody stools. The onset of symptoms may be insidious or sudden.
12209-Injury to the finger-Symptoms include pain, stiffness and swelling. You can often treat a sprained finger at home.
12210-Poisoning due to analgesics-A drug that reduces pain. Analgesics include aspirin, acetaminophen, and ibuprofen.
12211-Atrial fibrillation-he normal beating in the upper chambers of the heart (the two atria) is irregular, and blood doesn't flow as well as it should from the atria to the lower chambers of the heart (the two ventricles). AFib may happen in brief episodes, or it may be a permanent condition.
12212-Pinworm infection-Pinworm infection (called enterobiasis or oxyuriasis) causes itching around the anus which can lead to difficulty sleeping and restlessness. Symptoms are caused by the female pinworm laying her eggs. Symptoms of pinworm infection usually are mild and some infected people have no symptoms.
12213-Urethral valves-Posterior urethral valves (PUV) are obstructive membranes that develop in the urethra (tube that drains urine from the bladder), close to the bladder. The valve can obstruct or block the outflow of urine through the urethra.
12214-Open wound of the neck-A laceration(Medical Term) is a wound that is produced by the tearing of soft body tissue. This type of wound is often irregular and jagged. A laceration wound is often contaminated with bacteria and debris from whatever object caused the cut.
12215-Achalasia-Achalasia is a rare disorder that makes it difficult for food and liquid to pass from the swallowing tube connecting your mouth and stomach (esophagus) into your stomach. Achalasia occurs when nerves in the esophagus become damaged.
12216-Conductive hearing loss-Hearing loss caused by something that stops sounds from getting through the outer or middle ear. This type of hearing loss can often be treated with medicine or surgery.
12217-Abdominal hernia-A ventral (abdominal) hernia refers to any protrusion of intestine or other tissue through a weakness or gap in the abdominal wall. Umbilical and incisional hernias are specific types of ventral hernias.
12218-Cerebral palsy-Cerebral palsy (CP) is caused by abnormal development of the brain or damage to the developing brain that affects a child's ability to control his or her muscles.
12219-Marijuana abuse-Cannabis abuse is a term describing the continued use of cannabis despite impairment in psychological, physical, or social functioning. It is an outdated medical definition formerly used in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV-TR), which divided substance use from substance dependence.
12220-Cryptococcosis-Cryptococcus neoformans is a fungus that lives in the environment throughout the world. People can become infected with C. neoformans after breathing in the microscopic fungus, although most people who are exposed to the fungus never get sick from it.
12221-Obesity-Overweight and obesity are defined as abnormal or excessive fat accumulation that presents a risk to health. A body mass index (BMI) over 25 is considered overweight, and over 30 is obese.
12222-Indigestion-ndigestion — also called dyspepsia or an upset stomach — is discomfort in your upper abdomen. Indigestion describes certain symptoms, such as abdominal pain and a feeling of fullness soon after you start eating, rather than a specific disease. Indigestion can also be a symptom of various digestive diseases.
12223-Bursitis-A painful condition that affects the small, fluid-filled sacs — called bursae (bur-SEE) — that cushion the bones, tendons and muscles near your joints. Bursitis occurs when bursae become inflamed. The most common locations for bursitis are in the shoulder, elbow and hip.
12224-Esophageal cancer-Esophageal cancer is a disease in which malignant (cancer) cells form in the tissues of the esophagus. Smoking, heavy alcohol use, and Barrett esophagus can increase the risk of esophageal cancer. Signs and symptoms of esophageal cancer are weight loss and painful or difficult swallowing.
12225-Pulmonary congestion-Pulmonary edema is a condition in which the lungs fill with fluid. It's also known as lung congestion, lung water, and pulmonary congestion. When pulmonary edema occurs, the body struggles to get enough oxygen, and you may experience shortness of breath or wheezing.
12226-Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis-JIA is a form of arthritis in children ages 16 or younger. It causes joint inflammation and stiffness for more than 6 weeks. The disease may affect a few joints or many joints. It may cause symptoms all over the body. The most common symptoms include swollen, stiff, warm, red, and painful joints.
12227-Actinic keratosis-A thick, scaly patch of skin that may become cancer. It usually forms on areas exposed to the sun, such as the face, scalp, back of the hands, or chest. It is most common in people with fair skin. Also called senile keratosis and solar keratosis.
12228-Acute otitis media-Acute otitis media (AOM) is defined as an infection of the middle ear and is the second most common pediatric diagnosis in the emergency department following upper respiratory infections. Although acute otitis media can occur at any age, it is most commonly seen between the ages of 6 to 24 months.
12229-Astigmatism-Astigmatism (uh-STIG-muh-tiz-um) is a common and generally treatable imperfection in the curvature of the eye that causes blurred distance and near vision. Astigmatism occurs when either the front surface of the eye (cornea) or the lens inside the eye has mismatched curves.
12230-Tuberous sclerosis-A genetic disorder in which tumors form in the kidneys, brain, eyes, heart, lungs, and skin. This disease can cause seizures, mental disabilities, and different types of skin lesions.
12231-Empyema-Empyema is a collection of pus in the space between the lung and the inner surface of the chest wall (pleural space).
12232-Presbyacusis-Most commonly, presbycusis (age-related hearing loss) comes from changes in the inner ear that occur as you age. It typically affects both ears equally and has a gradual onset. Many people have a combination of age-related hearing loss and noise-induced hearing loss.
12233-Neonatal jaundice-Jaundice is the yellow color seen in the skin of many newborns. Jaundice happens when a chemical called bilirubin builds up in the baby's blood. During pregnancy, the mother's liver removes bilirubin for the baby, but after birth the baby's liver must remove the bilirubin.
12234-Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)-Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or COPD, refers to a group of diseases that cause airflow blockage and breathing-related problems. It includes emphysema and chronic bronchitis. COPD makes breathing difficult for the 16 million Americans who have this disease.
12235-Dislocation of the elbow-Elbow dislocation occurs when the humerus, ulna and radius (the elbow bones) move out of place where they meet at the elbow joint. This usually occurs when an individual breaks a fall with an outstretched hand while the arm is held straight.
12236-Spondylosis-Spondylosis is a condition in which there is abnormal wear on the cartilage and bones of the neck (cervical vertebrae). It is a common cause of chronic neck pain. Spondylosis is caused by chronic wear on the spine.
12237-Herpangina-Herpangina is a viral illness that causes a high fever and blister-like sores in the mouth and throat. The illness is contagious and spreads quickly among kids in daycare centers and school environments where children are close to each other. Herpangina is similar to hand, foot and mouth disease.
12238-Injury to the shoulder-A shoulder sprain occurs when the ligaments overstretch or tear, while a shoulder strain is when some of the fibers in the shoulder muscles or tendons overstretch or tear. These injuries can limit your ability to move and lift your arms and can cause acute or chronic pain.
12239-Poisoning due to antidepressants-Tricyclic antidepressant overdose is poisoning caused by excessive medication of the tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) type. Symptoms may include elevated body temperature, blurred vision, dilated pupils, sleepiness, confusion, seizures, rapid heart rate, and cardiac arrest.
12240-Infection of open wound-A wound infection occurs when germs such as bacteria gain access to and grow within the damaged skin of a wound. Symptoms can include increasing pain, swelling, and redness. More severe infections may cause nausea, chills, or fever.
12241-Deep vein thrombosis (DVT)-A blood clot in a deep vein of the leg, pelvis, and sometimes arm, is called deep vein thrombosis (DVT). This type of blood clot does not cause heart attack or stroke. A blood clot in an artery, usually in the heart or brain, is called arterial thrombosis. This type of blood clot can cause heart attack or stroke.
12242-Protein deficiency-Protein deficiency is when people do not get adequate amounts of protein from their diet. Kwashiorkor, its most severe form, is most commonly seen in children in developing countries.
12243-Myoclonus-yoclonus refers to a sudden, involuntary (unintended) jerking of a muscle or group of muscles. It is not in itself a disease.
12244-Bone spur of the calcaneous-A calcaneal spur, or commonly known as a heel spur, occurs when a bony outgrowth forms on the heel bone. Calcaneal spurs can be located at the back of the heel (dorsal heel spur) or under the sole (plantar heel spur).
12245-Von Willebrand disease-a blood disorder in which the blood does not clot properly. Blood contains many proteins that help the blood clot when needed. One of these proteins is called von Willebrand factor (VWF).
12246-Open wound of the back-An open wound is an injury involving an external or internal break in body tissue, usually involving the skin. Nearly everyone will experience an open wound
12247-Heart block-A heart block is when the electrical impulses that control the beating of the heart muscle are disrupted. The most serious type of heart block known as a complete, or third degree, heart block will have symptoms, but often those with less serious heart block can have symptoms too.
12248-Colonic polyp- An abnormal growth of tissue in the lining of the bowel. Polyps are a risk factor for colon cancer.
12249-Hypospadias-Hypospadias (pronounced hype-oh-spay-dee-us) is a birth defect in boys where the opening of the urethra (the tube that carries urine from the bladder to the outside of the body) is not located at the tip of the penis.
12250-Magnesium deficiency-Magnesium deficiency is a condition in which the amount of magnesium in the blood is lower than normal. The medical name of this condition is hypomagnesemia.
12251-Female infertility of unknown cause- Unexplained infertility is when standard infertility testing has not found a cause for a couple's or a woman's inability to get pregnant. Some reproductive physicians hold that a diagnosis of unexplained infertility is a non-diagnosis.
12252-Pericarditis-Pericarditis is swelling and irritation of the thin, saclike tissue surrounding the heart (pericardium). Pericarditis often causes sharp chest pain. The chest pain occurs when the irritated layers of the pericardium rub against each other. Pericarditis is usually mild and goes away without treatment.
12253-Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)-ADHD is one of the most common neurodevelopmental disorders of childhood.hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is marked by an ongoing pattern of inattention and/or hyperactivity-impulsivity that interferes with functioning or development.It is usually first diagnosed in childhood and often lasts into adulthood. Children with ADHD may have trouble paying attention, controlling impulsive behaviors (may act without thinking about what the result will be), or be overly active.
12254-Neuromyelitis optica-Neuromyelitis optica (NMO) is an autoimmune disease of the central nervous system (CNS) that predominantly affects the optic nerves and spinal cord. It is sometimes also referred to as NMO spectrum disorder.
12255-Pulmonic valve disease-Pulmonary valve disease is a condition in which the lung (pulmonary) valve — located between your heart's lower right chamber (right ventricle) and the artery that delivers blood to the lungs (pulmonary artery) — doesn't work properly. The condition can interrupt blood flow from your heart to your lungs.
12256-Tietze syndrome-Tietze syndrome is a rare, inflammatory disorder characterized by chest pain and swelling of the cartilage of one or more of the upper ribs (costochondral junction), specifically where the ribs attach to the breastbone (sternum).
12257-Cranial nerve palsy- Microvascular Cranial Nerve Palsy (MCNP) is when blood flow to certain nerves in your head (called cranial nerves) is blocked. As a result, you may not be able to move your eye a certain way.
12258-Injury to the arm-Your arms are also made up of muscles, joints, tendons, and other connective tissue. Injuries to any of these parts of the arm can occur during sports, a fall, or an accident. Types of arm injuries include : Tendinitis and bursitis. Sprains.
12259-Conversion disorder-Conversion disorder is a mental condition in which a person has blindness, paralysis, or other nervous system (neurologic) symptoms that cannot be explained by medical evaluation.
12260-Complex regional pain syndrome-Complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS) is a broad term describing excess and prolonged pain and inflammation that follows an injury to an arm or leg. CRPS has acute (recent, short-term) and chronic (lasting greater than six months) forms. CRPS used to be known as reflex sympathetic dystrophy (RSD) and causalgia.
12261-Otosclerosis-Otosclerosis is an abnormal bone growth in the middle ear that causes hearing loss.
12262-Injury to the trunk-Trunk injuries are especially damaging to mature trees. Trunk damage can result from cutting large roots close to the tree, heavy equipment knocking against the trunk, string trimmers, lawn mowers, and other activities.
12263-Hypothyroidism-ypothyroidism (underactive thyroid) is a condition in which your thyroid gland doesn't produce enough of certain crucial hormones.
12264-Primary insomnia-rimary insomnia is difficulty initiating sleep (sleep onset insomnia), difficulty maintaining sleep (mid-sleep awakening, early morning awakening) or chronic non restorative sleep, which persist longer than three weeks despite having adequate opportunity for sleep and result in impaired daytime functioning.
12265-Lice-Pediculosis is an infestation of the hairy parts of the body or clothing with the eggs, larvae or adults of lice. The crawling stages of this insect feed on human blood, which can result in severe itching.
12266-Vitamin B12 deficiency-Vitamin B12 deficiency anemia is a condition in which your body does not have enough healthy red blood cells, due to a lack (deficiency) of vitamin B12. This vitamin is needed to make red blood cells, which carry oxygen to all parts of your body.
12267-Diabetes- Diabetes is a chronic disease that occurs either when the pancreas does not produce enough insulin or when the body cannot effectively use the insulin it produces. Insulin is a hormone that regulates blood glucose.
12268-Vulvodynia-Vulvodynia (vul-voe-DIN-e-uh) is chronic pain or discomfort around the opening of your vagina (vulva) for which there's no identifiable cause and which lasts at least three months.
12269-Endometriosis-Endometriosis is a disease characterized by the presence of tissue resembling endometrium (the lining of the uterus) outside the uterus (1). It causes a chronic inflammatory reaction that may result in the formation of scar tissue (adhesions, fibrosis) within the pelvis and other parts of the body.
12270-Vasculitis-It causes swelling and can help the body deal with invading germs. But in vasculitis, for some reason the immune system attacks healthy blood vessels, causing them to become swollen and narrow.
12271-Concussion-A concussion is a type of traumatic brain injury—or TBI—caused by a bump, blow, or jolt to the head or by a hit to the body that causes the head and brain to move rapidly back and forth.
12272-Oral leukoplakia-Leukoplakia is a condition in which one or more white patches or spots (lesions) forms inside the mouth. Leukoplakia is different from other causes of white patches such as thrush or lichen planus because it can eventually develop into oral cancer.
12273-Chronic kidney disease-Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a long-term condition where the kidneys don't work as well as they should. It's a common condition often associated with getting older.
12274-Bladder disorder-inflammation of the bladder, often from an infection. Urinary incontinence - loss of bladder control. Overactive bladder - a condition in which the bladder squeezes urine out at the wrong time. Interstitial cystitis - a chronic problem that causes bladder pain and frequent, urgent urination.
12275-Chorioretinitis-Chorioretinitis is an inflammation of the choroid, which is a lining of the retina deep in the eye. This inflammation can affect vision.
12276-Priapism-Priapism is a prolonged erection of the penis. The full or partial erection continues hours beyond or isn't caused by sexual stimulation.
12277-Myositis-Myositis means inflammation of the muscles that you use to move your body. An injury, infection, or autoimmune disease can cause it. Two specific kinds are polymyositis and dermatomyositis. Polymyositis causes muscle weakness, usually in the muscles closest to the trunk of your body.
12278-Mononucleosis-Mononucleosis (mono) is a viral infection that causes a sore throat and fever. Cases often happen in teens and young adults. It goes away on its own after a few weeks of rest.
12279-Neuralgia-Trigeminal neuralgia is a condition that causes painful sensations similar to an electric shock on one side of the face. This chronic pain condition affects the trigeminal nerve, which carries sensation from your face to your brain.
12280-Polycystic kidney disease-Polycystic kidney disease (PKD) is an inherited disorder in which clusters of cysts develop primarily within your kidneys, causing your kidneys to enlarge and lose function over time. Cysts are noncancerous round sacs containing fluid.
12281-Bipolar disorder-Bipolar disorder (formerly called manic-depressive illness or manic depression) is a mental illness that causes unusual shifts in mood, energy, activity levels, concentration, and the ability to carry out day-to-day tasks.
12282-Amyloidosis-A group of diseases in which protein builds up in certain organs (localized amyloidosis) or throughout the body (systemic amyloidosis).
12283-Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP)-Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) is a neurological disorder characterized by progressive weakness and impaired sensory function in the legs and arms.
12284-Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)-Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) occurs when stomach acid repeatedly flows back into the tube connecting your mouth and stomach (esophagus). This backwash (acid reflux) can irritate the lining of your esophagus.
12285-Vitreous hemorrhage-A vitreous hemorrhage is bleeding into the thick fluid that fills the centre of the eye. This fluid is called the vitreous gel. The gel is clear, so light passes through it to the retina. The retina is the nerve layer at the back of the eye that sends images to your brain.
12286-Poisoning due to antimicrobial drugs-A substance that kills microorganisms such as bacteria or mold, or stops them from growing and causing disease.
12287-Open wound of the mouth-A laceration(Medical Term) is a wound that is produced by the tearing of soft body tissue. This type of wound is often irregular and jagged. A laceration wound is often contaminated with bacteria and debris from whatever object caused the cut.
12288-Scleroderma-Scleroderma is an autoimmune connective tissue and rheumatic disease that causes inflammation in the skin and other areas of the body. When an immune response tricks tissues into thinking they are injured, it causes inflammation, and the body makes too much collagen, leading to scleroderma.
12289-Myasthenia gravis-A disease in which antibodies made by a person's immune system prevent certain nerve-muscle interactions. It causes weakness in the arms and legs, vision problems, and drooping eyelids or head.
12290-Hypoglycemia-Hypoglycemia is a condition in which your blood sugar (glucose) level is lower than the standard range. Glucose is your body's main energy source. Hypoglycemia is often related to diabetes treatment.
12291-Idiopathic absence of menstruation-Amenorrhea (uh-men-o-REE-uh) is the absence of menstruation, often defined as missing one or more menstrual periods. Primary amenorrhea refers to the absence of menstruation in someone who has not had a period by age 15.
12292-Dislocation of the ankle-The ankle joint is made up of two lower leg bones (tibia and fibula) and a foot bone (talus). A dislocation is an injury to a joint causing the bones to no longer meet together correctly. In the ankle, this can occur when the talus no longer is in position with the tibia and fibula.
12293-Carbon monoxide poisoning-Carbon monoxide poisoning occurs when carbon monoxide builds up in your bloodstream. When too much carbon monoxide is in the air, your body replaces the oxygen in your red blood cells with carbon monoxide. This can lead to serious tissue damage, or even death.
12294-Panic attack-A panic attack is a sudden episode of intense fear that triggers severe physical reactions when there is no real danger or apparent cause. Panic attacks can be very frightening. When panic attacks occur, you might think you're losing control, having a heart attack or even dying.
12295-Plantar fasciitis-Plantar fasciitis is an inflammation of the fibrous tissue (plantar fascia) along the bottom of your foot that connects your heel bone to your toes. Plantar fasciitis can cause intense heel pain. Plantar fasciitis (PLAN-tur fas-e-I-tis) is one of the most common causes of heel pain.
12296-Hyperopia-Farsightedness (hyperopia) is a common vision condition in which you can see distant objects clearly, but objects nearby may be blurry. The degree of your farsightedness influences your focusing ability.
12297-Poisoning due to sedatives-Mild sedative-hypnotic toxicity resembles ethanol intoxication. Severe respiratory depression is more likely to occur when a sedative-hypnotic is ingested with other CNS depressants or alcohol. Death from sedative-hypnotics is caused by respiratory arrest.
12298-Pemphigus-Pemphigus is a disease that causes blistering of the skin and the inside of the mouth, nose, throat, eyes, and genitals. The disease is rare in the United States. Pemphigus is an autoimmune disease in which the immune system mistakenly attacks cells in the top layer of the skin (epidermis) and the mucous membranes.
12299-Peyronie disease-Peyronie's (pay-roe-NEEZ) disease is a noncancerous condition resulting from fibrous scar tissue that develops on the penis and causes curved, painful erections. Penises vary in shape and size, and having a curved erection isn't necessarily a cause for concern.
12300-Hiatal hernia-A hiatal hernia occurs when the upper part of your stomach bulges through your diaphragm into your chest cavity. A hiatal hernia occurs when the upper part of your stomach bulges through the large muscle separating your abdomen and chest (diaphragm).
12301-Extrapyramidal effect of drugs-The term "extrapyramidal effects" describes involuntary movements that you cannot control. These side effects are most common when taking antipsychotic medications?
12302-Meniere disease-Ménière's disease is a condition of the inner ear that causes sudden attacks of: feeling like the room is spinning around you (vertigo) a ringing noise inside the ear (tinnitus) pressure felt deep inside the ear. hearing loss.
12303-Anal fissure-An anal fissure is a tear or open sore (ulcer) that develops in the lining of the large intestine, near the anus.
12304-Allergy-Allergies occur when your immune system reacts to a foreign substance — such as pollen, bee venom or pet dander — or a food that doesn't cause a reaction in most people. Your immune system produces substances known as antibodies.
12305-Chronic otitis media-Chronic otitis media (COM) is a recurrent infection of the middle ear and/or mastoid air cells in the presence of a tympanic membrane perforation. Symptoms commonly associated with chronic ear disease include hearing loss, otorrhea, aural fullness, otalgia, and occasionally true vertigo.
12306-Fracture of the finger-A broken finger occurs when one or more of the bones in your finger break. Another name for a broken bone is a bone fracture. People often break their fingers due to injury or weakened bones. Small bones called phalanges make up your finger structure.
12307-Hirschsprung disease- A condition in which certain nerve cells are missing from the muscle layers of part of the large intestine. This causes severe constipation or blockage of the large intestine. Constipation is when stool becomes hard, dry, and difficult to pass and bowel movements occur less often than normal.
12308-Polymyalgia rheumatica-Polymyalgia rheumatica is an inflammatory disorder that causes muscle pain and stiffness, especially in the shoulders and hips.
12309-Lymphedema-) A condition in which extra lymph fluid builds up in tissues and causes swelling. It may occur in an arm or leg if lymph vessels are blocked, damaged, or removed by surgery.
12310-Bladder cancer-ancer that forms in tissues of the bladder (the organ that stores urine). Most bladder cancers are transitional cell carcinomas (cancer that begins in cells that normally make up the inner lining of the bladder).
12311-Acute bronchospasm-Bronchospasms happen when the muscles that line your bronchi (airways in your lungs) tighten. This results in wheezing, coughing, and other symptoms. Many things can cause bronchospasm, including asthma, and it's usually managed with bronchodilators.
12312-Acute glaucoma-Acute angle-closure glaucoma is a serious eye condition that occurs when the fluid pressure inside your eye rises quickly. The usual symptoms are sudden, severe eye pain, a red eye and reduced or blurred vision. You may feel sick or be sick (vomit).
12313-Open wound of the chest-A sucking chest wound (SCW) happens when an injury causes a hole to open in your chest. SCWs are often caused by stabbing, gunshots, or other injuries that penetrate the chest. Signs of an SCW include: an opening in the chest, about the size of a coin.
12314-Dislocation of the patella-A patella dislocation occurs when the knee cap pops sideways out of its vertical groove at the knee joint. It's usually caused by force, from a collision, a fall or a bad step. A dislocated patella is painful and will prevent you from walking, but it's easy to correct and sometimes corrects itself.
12315-Sciatica-Sciatica refers to pain that travels along the path of the sciatic nerve. The sciatic nerve travels from the lower back through the hips and buttocks and down each leg. Sciatica most often occurs when a herniated disk or an overgrowth of bone puts pressure on part of the nerve.
12316-Hypercalcemia-Higher than normal levels of calcium in the blood.
12317-Stress incontinence-Urinary incontinence is the unintentional loss of urine. Stress incontinence happens when physical movement or activity — such as coughing, laughing, sneezing, running or heavy lifting — puts pressure (stress) on your bladder, causing you to leak urine.
12318-Varicose veins-Varicose veins are swollen, twisted veins that lie just under the skin and usually occur in the legs. This health topic focuses on varicose veins in the legs, but sometimes varicose veins form in other parts of the body. Hemorrhoids, for example, are a type of varicose vein that develops in the rectum.
12319-Benign kidney cyst- kidney cyst is a round or oval fluid-filled pouch with a well-defined outline. Kidney cysts typically grow on the surface of a kidney. Some may develop inside the kidney. Kidney cysts are round pouches of fluid that form on or in the kidneys. Kidney cysts can occur with disorders that may impair kidney function.
12320-Hydrocele of the testicle-A hydrocele (HI-droe-seel) is a type of swelling in the scrotum that occurs when fluid collects in the thin sheath surrounding a testicle. Hydrocele is common in newborns and usually disappears without treatment by age 1. Older boys and adult men can develop a hydrocele due to inflammation or injury within the scrotum.
12321-Degenerative disc disease-Degenerative disk disease is when your spinal disks wear down. Spinal disks are rubbery cushions between your vertebrae (bones in your spinal column). They act as shock absorbers and help you move, bend and twist comfortably. Everyone's spinal disks degenerate over time and is a normal part of aging.
12322-Hirsutism-Hirsutism (HUR-soot-iz-um) is a condition in women that results in excessive growth of dark or coarse hair in a male-like pattern — face, chest and back. With hirsutism, extra hair growth often arises from excess male hormones (androgens), primarily testosterone.
12323-Dislocation of the foot-A dislocation is a separation of two ends of the bones where they meet at a joint. A joint is the place where two bones connect, which allows movement. A dislocated joint is a joint where the bones are no longer in their normal positions.
12324-Hydronephrosis-Hydronephrosis is swelling of one or both kidneys. Kidney swelling happens when urine can't drain from a kidney and builds up in the kidney as a result. This can occur from a blockage in the tubes that drain urine from the kidneys (ureters) or from an anatomical defect that doesn't allow urine to drain properly.
12325-Diverticulosis-Diverticulosis occurs when small, bulging pouches (diverticula) develop in your digestive tract. When one or more of these pouches become inflamed or infected, the condition is called diverticulitis. Diverticula are small, bulging pouches that can form in the lining of your digestive system.
12326-Pain after an operation-Postoperative pain is an anticipated and temporary pain that occurs following grafting procedures or burn excision and is most commonly the result of increased pain from newly created wounds.
12327-Huntington disease-Huntington's disease is a condition that stops parts of the brain working properly over time. It's passed on (inherited) from a person's parents. It gets gradually worse over time and is usually fatal after a period of up to 20 years.
12328-West Nile virus-West Nile virus (WNV) is an infectious disease that first appeared in the United States in 1999. Infected mosquitoes spread the virus that causes it. People who get WNV usually have no symptoms or mild symptoms. The symptoms include a fever, headache, body aches, skin rash, and swollen lymph glands.
12329-Lymphoma-Lymphoma is a cancer of the lymphatic system, which is part of the body's germ-fighting network. The lymphatic system includes the lymph nodes (lymph glands), spleen, thymus gland and bone marrow. Lymphoma can affect all those areas as well as other organs throughout the body.
12330-Dermatitis due to sun exposure-Photosensitive dermatitis is a condition where a person's skin develops unusual reactions, such as eczematous eruptions, in response to UV radiation, visible light, or both in sunlight and artificial light sources. Photosensitive refers to a reaction to light, while dermatitis is the term for inflammation of the skin.
12331-Anemia due to chronic kidney disease-Anemia of chronic renal disease, also known as anemia of chronic kidney disease (CKD), is a form of normocytic, normochromic, hypoproliferative anemia. It is frequently associated with poor outcomes in chronic kidney disease and confers an increased mortality risk.
12332-Injury to internal organ-Internal injuries describe injuries that occur beneath the skin and muscle. While organ damage qualifies as an internal injury, it describes a much more specific condition. Organ damage occurs when an internal organ's structure or function becomes impaired. Organ damage can result from disease or trauma.
12333-Scleritis-Scleritis is the inflammation in the episcleral and scleral tissues with injection in both superficial and deep episcleral vessels. It may involve the cornea, adjacent episclera and the uvea and thus can be vision-threatening. Scleritis is often associated with an underlying systemic disease in up to 50% of patients.
12334-Pterygium-A pterygium is a noncancerous growth that starts in the clear, thin tissue (conjunctiva) of the eye. This growth covers the white part of the eye (sclera) and extends onto the cornea. It is often slightly raised and contains visible blood vessels. The problem may occur on one or both eyes.
12335-Fungal infection of the skin-A fungal infection, also called mycosis, is a skin disease caused by a fungus. There are millions of species of fungi. They live in the dirt, on plants, on household surfaces, and on your skin. Sometimes, they can lead to skin problems like rashes or bumps.
12336-Insulin overdose-An insulin overdose is defined as simply getting too much insulin to the point of causing low blood sugar (hypoglycemia) — but the severity of that low blood sugar can vary wildly based on how much excess insulin was taken.
12337-Syndrome of inappropriate secretion of ADH (SIADH)-Syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion (SIADH) is a condition in which the body makes too much antidiuretic hormone (ADH). This hormone helps the kidneys control the amount of water your body loses through the urine. SIADH causes the body to retain too much water.
12338-Foreign body in the ear-Foreign bodies is the term that medical professionals use to describe stuff found in peoples ear canals that is not expected to be found there. For example, a pebble or a bug. Almost every ear doctor has lots of foreign body stories.
12339-Premenstrual tension syndrome-(Premenstrual Tension).Premenstrual syndrome (PMS) is a recurrent luteal-phase disorder characterized by irritability, anxiety, emotional lability, depression, edema, breast pain, and headaches, occurring during the 7 to 10 days before and usually ending a few hours after onset of menses.
12340-Orbital cellulitis-Orbital cellulitis is an infection of the soft tissues of the eye socket behind the orbital septum, a thin tissue which divides the eyelid from the eye socket. Infection isolated anterior to the orbital septum is considered to be preseptal cellulitis.
12341-Injury to the leg-Common leg injuries include sprains and strains, joint dislocations, and fractures (broken bones).
12342-Hepatic encephalopathy-Hepatic encephalopathy is a nervous system disorder brought on by severe liver disease. When the liver doesn't work properly, toxins build up in the blood. These toxins can travel to the brain and affect brain function.
12343-Bone cancer-Primary bone cancer is cancer that forms in cells of the bone. Some types of primary bone cancer are osteosarcoma, Ewing sarcoma, malignant fibrous histiocytoma, and chondrosarcoma.
12344-Leishmaniasis-Leishmaniasis is a parasitic disease that is found in parts of the tropics, subtropics, and southern Europe. It is classified as a neglected tropical disease (NTD). Leishmaniasis is caused by infection with Leishmania parasites, which are spread by the bite of phlebotomine sand flies.
12345-Chagas disease-Chagas (CHAH-gus) disease is an inflammatory, infectious disease caused by the parasite Trypanosoma cruzi. This parasite is found in the feces of the triatomine (reduviid) bug.
12346-Syringomyelia-Syringomyelia is a disorder in which a fluid-filled cyst (called a syrinx) forms within the spinal cord. Over time, the syrinx can get bigger and can damage the spinal cord and compress and injure the nerve fibers that carry information to the brain and from the brain to the rest of the body.
12347-Pulmonary fibrosis-Pulmonary fibrosis is a lung disease that occurs when lung tissue becomes damaged and scarred. This thickened, stiff tissue makes it more difficult for your lungs to work properly.
12348-Mitral valve disease-Mitral valve disease is a problem with the valve located between the left heart chambers (left atrium and left ventricle). Mitral valve disease includes: Mitral valve regurgitation. The mitral valve flaps (leaflets) may not close tightly, causing blood to leak backward.
12349-Parkinson disease-A progressive disorder of the nervous system marked by muscle tremors, muscle rigidity, decreased mobility, stooped posture, slow voluntary movements, and a mask-like facial expression.
12350-Gout-Gout occurs when urate crystals accumulate in your joint, causing the inflammation and intense pain of a gout attack. Urate crystals can form when you have high levels of uric acid in your blood. Your body produces uric acid when it breaks down purines — substances that are found naturally in your body.
12351-Otitis media-Otitis media is inflammation or infection located in the middle ear. Otitis media can occur as a result of a cold, sore throat, or respiratory infection.
12352-Drug abuse (opioids)-A substance used to treat moderate to severe pain. Opioids are like opiates, such as morphine and codeine, but are not made from opium. Opioids bind to opioid receptors in the central nervous system. Opioids used to be called narcotics.
12353-Myelodysplastic syndrome-A type of cancer in which the bone marrow does not make enough healthy blood cells (white blood cells, red blood cells, and platelets) and there are abnormal cells in the blood and/or bone marrow. When there are fewer healthy blood cells, infection, anemia, or bleeding may occur.
12354-Fracture of the shoulder-A shoulder fracture is a break or a crack in one of the three following bones; the clavicle, scapula or the proximal humerus. In the latter case, it would be called a broken shoulder. The humerus can be broken in many places and the fracture is normally described by its location.
12355-Acute kidney injury-Acute kidney injury (AKI) refers to an abrupt decrease in kidney function, resulting in the retention of urea and other nitrogenous waste products and in the dysregulation of extracellular volume and electrolytes.
12356-Threatened pregnancy-"Threatened miscarriage" is a term used to describe abnormal bleeding and abdominal pain that occurs while the pregnancy still continues. While vaginal bleeding is common during early pregnancy, anything other than spotting during the first trimester may be considered a threatened miscarriage.
12357-Intracranial abscess-A brain abscess is a pus-filled swelling in the brain. It usually occurs when bacteria or fungi enter the brain tissue after an infection or severe head injury.
12358-Gum disease-Periodontitis (per-e-o-don-TIE-tis), also called gum disease, is a serious gum infection that damages the soft tissue and, without treatment, can destroy the bone that supports your teeth.
12359-Open wound from surgical incision-A surgical wound is a cut or incision in the skin that is usually made by a scalpel during surgery. A surgical wound can also be the result of a drain placed during surgery. Surgical wounds vary greatly in size.
12360-Gastrointestinal hemorrhage-Gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding is a symptom of a disorder in your digestive tract. The blood often appears in stool or vomit but isn't always visible, though it may cause the stool to look black or tarry. The level of bleeding can range from mild to severe and can be life-threatening.
12361-Seborrheic dermatitis-Seborrheic (seb-o-REE-ik) dermatitis is a common skin condition that mainly affects your scalp. It causes scaly patches, inflamed skin and stubborn dandruff. It usually affects oily areas of the body, such as the face, sides of the nose, eyebrows, ears, eyelids and chest.
12362-Drug abuse (methamphetamine)-Methamphetamine is used to treat attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It belongs to the group of medicines called central nervous system (CNS) stimulants.
12363-Torticollis-orticollis, also known as wryneck, is a twisting of the neck that causes the head to rotate and tilt at an odd angle.
12364-Poisoning due to antihypertensives- A type of drug used to treat high blood pressure. There are many different types of antihypertensive agents, and they work in different ways to lower blood pressure. Some remove extra fluid and salt from the body. Others relax and widen the blood vessels or slow the heartbeat.
12365-Tension headache-A tension-type headache (TTH) is generally a mild to moderate pain that's often described as feeling like a tight band around the head. A tension-type headache is the most common type of headache, yet its causes aren't well understood. Treatments for tension-type headaches are available.
12366-Alcohol intoxication-Acute alcohol intoxication is a condition associated with drinking too much alcohol in a short amount of time. It's also called alcohol poisoning. Alcohol intoxication is serious. It affects your body temperature, breathing, heart rate, and gag reflex. It can also sometimes lead to coma or death.
12367-Scurvy-Scurvy is a disease that occurs when you have a severe lack of vitamin C (ascorbic acid) in your diet. Scurvy causes general weakness, anemia, gum disease, and skin hemorrhages.
12368-Narcolepsy-Narcolepsy is a chronic neurological disorder that affects the brain's ability to control sleep-wake cycles. People with narcolepsy may feel rested after waking, but then feel very sleepy throughout much of the day.
12369-Primary kidney disease-Kidney disease means your kidneys are damaged and can't filter blood the way they should. You are at greater risk for kidney disease if you have diabetes or high blood pressure. If you experience kidney failure, treatments include kidney transplant or dialyssis.
12370-Uterine cancer-The most common type of uterine cancer is also called endometrial cancer because it forms in the lining of your uterus, called the endometrium. All women are at risk for uterine cancer as long as they have a uterus, but the risk increases with age.
12371-Dry eye of unknown cause-Dry eyes can occur when you're unable to produce enough liquid tears, also called aqueous fluid. The medical term for this condition is keratoconjunctivitis sicca (ker-uh-toe-kun-junk-tih-VY-tis SIK-uh). Common causes of decreased tear production include: Aging.
12372-Fibrocystic breast disease-Fibrocystic breast change is a common and benign change within the breast characterized by a dense irregular and bumpy consistency in the breast tissue. Mammography or biopsy may be needed to rule out other disorders. The female breast is either of two mammary glands (organs of milk secretion) on the chest.
12373-Fungal infection of the hair-A yeast called Candida causes most scalp yeast infections or candidiasis. Candida can grow and thrive in warm, damp environments. Your scalp has a natural balance of yeast and bacteria. The bacteria help prevent the overgrowth of yeast on your skin.
12374-Tooth abscess-A tooth abscess is a pocket of pus that's caused by a bacterial infection. The abscess can occur at different areas near the tooth for different reasons. A periapical (per-e-AP-ih-kul) abscess occurs at the tip of the root.
12375-Leptospirosis-Leptospirosis is a bacterial disease that affects humans and animals. It is caused by bacteria of the genus Leptospira. In humans, it can cause a wide range of symptoms, some of which may be mistaken for other diseases. Some infected persons, however, may have no symptoms at all.
12376-Envenomation from spider or animal bite-Envenomation is the name given to the injection of venom (the poisonous secretion of an animal) into a person's body, usually by a bite or sting. There are many venomous creatures in Australia, both on land and in the sea, including certain types of snakes, spiders, and jellyfish.
12377-VACTERL syndrome-VACTERL association is a disorder that affects many body systems. VACTERL stands for vertebral defects, anal atresia, cardiac defects, tracheo-esophageal fistula, renal anomalies, and limb abnormalities. People diagnosed with VACTERL association typically have at least three of these characteristic features.
12378-Vertebrobasilar insufficiency-Vertebrobasilar insufficiency is a condition characterized by poor blood flow to the posterior (back) portion of the brain, which is fed by two vertebral arteries that join to become the basilar artery.
12379-Rectal disorder-Anorectal disorders are conditions that affect the anus and rectum area. Common anal and rectal disorders include hemorrhoids, anal fissures and anal fistulas. For most people, anorectal disorders are a source of worry and embarrassment as well as causing physical pain and discomfort.
12380-Atonic bladder-Atonic (or acontractile) bladder is a medical condition where patients are unable to spontaneously urinate due to insufficient detrusor muscle contraction, usually due to neurologic disease or injury.
12381-Benign paroxysmal positional vertical (BPPV)- Benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV) is one of the most common causes of vertigo — the sudden sensation that you're spinning or that the inside of your head is spinning. BPPV causes brief episodes of mild to intense dizziness. It is usually triggered by specific changes in your head's position.
12382-Blepharospasm-Blepharospasm is abnoAn inflammatory disease marked by the formation of granulomas (small nodules of immune cells) in the lungs, lymph nodes, and other organs. Sarcoid may be acute and go away by itself, or it may be chronic and progressive. Also called sarcoidosis.rmal contraction of the eyelid muscles. It often refers to benign essential blepharospasm (BEB) which is a bilateral condition and a form of focal dystonia leading to episodic closure of the eyelids.
12383-Sarcoidosis-An inflammatory disease marked by the formation of granulomas (small nodules of immune cells) in the lungs, lymph nodes, and other organs. Sarcoid may be acute and go away by itself, or it may be chronic and progressive. Also called sarcoidosis.
12384-Metastatic cancer-he spread of cancer cells from the place where they first formed to another part of the body. In metastasis, cancer cells break away from the original (primary) tumor, travel through the blood or lymph system, and form a new tumor in other organs or tissues of the body.
12385-Trigger finger (finger disorder)-Trigger finger happens when the tendon that controls that finger can't glide smoothly in the sheath that surrounds it. This may occur if part of the tendon sheath becomes swollen or if a small lump forms. This lump is called a nodule. Tendons are tough cords that attach muscle to bone.
12386-Stye-A stye is a bacterial infection involving one or more of the small glands near the base of your eyelashes. It is similar to a boil or a pimple and is often painful. A stye (sty) is a red, painful lump near the edge of your eyelid that may look like a boil or a pimple.
12387-Hemochromatosis-A condition in which the body takes up and stores more iron than it needs. The extra iron is stored in the liver, heart, and pancreas, which may cause liver disease, heart problems, organ failure, and cancer.
12388-Osteochondroma-A benign (not cancer) tumor that has both bone and cartilage in it. This type of tumor usually occurs at the ends of the long bones of the arms and legs or in the pelvis or shoulder.
12389-Cushing syndrome-A condition in which there is too much cortisol (a hormone made by the outer layer of the adrenal gland) in the body. Cushing syndrome may be caused by taking too many steroid drugs or by certain types of tumors.
12390-Typhoid fever-Typhoid fever is a life-threatening infection caused by the bacterium Salmonella Typhi. It is usually spread through contaminated food or water. Symptoms include prolonged fever, fatigue, headache, nausea, abdominal pain, and constipation or diarrhoea. Some patients may have a rash.
12391-Vitreous degeneration-Vitreous degeneration refers to a change that occurs in the vitreous humor (or vitreous fluid) in the eye, as the vitreous humor changes from a thick vitreous gel to a thin liquid substance. Normally, the vitreous humor is a transparent gel that helps with clarity of vision and maintaining the shape of the eye.
12392-Atrophic skin condition- The degeneration and thinning of the epidermis and dermis. It is usually a manifestation of aging.
12393-Aspergillosis-Aspergillosis is an infection caused by Aspergillus, a common mold (a type of fungus) that lives indoors and outdoors. Most people breathe in Aspergillus spores every day without getting sick.
12394-Uterine atony-Uterine atony refers to the inadequate contraction of the corpus uteri myometrial cells in response to endogenous oxytocin release. Postpartum hemorrhage can occur because spiral arteries are uniquely devoid of musculature and dependent on uterine contractions to mechanically squeeze them into hemostasis.
12395-Trichinosis-Trichinellosis, also called trichinosis, is a disease that people can get by eating raw or undercooked meat from animals infected with the microscopic parasite Trichinella.
12396-Whooping cough-A serious bacterial infection of the lungs and breathing tubes that spreads easily. Whooping cough begins like a cold, but develops into severe coughing and gasping for air. Long spells of coughing may cause vomiting, and broken blood vessels in the eyes and on the skin. Also called pertussis.
12397-Pick disease-Pick's disease is a type of frontotemporal dementia, a neurodegenerative disease. That means the affected neurons (brain or nerve cells) gradually stop working. As brain cells in the affected areas fail, those areas atrophy (shrink or wither), and you lose the abilities those areas once controlled.
12398-Open wound of the lip-An open wound of the lip is a cut or break in the skin there. The wound may be minor and near the surface of the skin. Or it can be more serious, affecting deeper tissues of the lip, such as muscles, nerves, or blood vessels.
12399-Subacute thyroiditis-Subacute thyroiditis is an immune reaction of the thyroid gland that often follows an upper respiratory infection. The thyroid gland is located in the neck, just above where your collarbones meet in the middle.
12400-Oral mucosal lesion-The oral mucosa is the mucous membrane lining or “skin” inside of the mouth, including cheeks and lips. People with oral mucosal diseases may develop painful mouth sores or ulcers on this lining. Mucosal diseases can affect any mucous membrane.
12401-Open wound due to trauma-Traumatic wounds or extensive wounds are typically defined as cuts, lacerations, or puncture wounds leading to damage to both the skin and underlying tissues. If they are not treated on time, it can cause severe damage to the soft tissues in the skin.
12402-Intracerebral hemorrhage-Intracerebral hemorrhage (bleeding into the brain tissue) is the second most common cause of stroke (15-30% of strokes) and the most deadly. Blood vessels carry blood to and from the brain. Arteries or veins can rupture, either from abnormal pressure or abnormal development or trauma.
12403-Alzheimer disease- A brain disorder that usually starts in late middle age or old age and gets worse over time. Symptoms include loss of memory, confusion, difficulty thinking, and changes in language, behavior, and personality. Also called Alzheimer dementia.
12404-Vaginismus-Vaginismus is the body's automatic reaction to the fear of some or all types of vaginal penetration. Whenever penetration is attempted, your vaginal muscles tighten up on their own. You have no control over it.
12405-Systemic lupus erythematosis (SLE)-Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), is the most common type of lupus. SLE is an autoimmune disease in which the immune system attacks its own tissues, causing widespread inflammation and tissue damage in the affected organs.
12406-Premature ovarian failure-A condition in which the ovaries stop working and menstrual periods stop before age 40. This can cause fertility problems and symptoms of menopause. There are two types of ovarian failure, primary and secondary. Primary ovarian failure means that the ovaries do not function normally.
12407-Thoracic outlet syndrome-Thoracic outlet syndrome (TOS) is a group of disorders that occur when blood vessels or nerves in the space between your collarbone and your first rib (thoracic outlet) are compressed. This can cause shoulder and neck pain and numbness in your fingers.
12408-Ganglion cyst-A ganglion cyst is a fluid-filled swelling that usually develops near a joint or tendon. The cyst can range from the size of a pea to the size of a golf ball.
12409-Dislocation of the knee- Kneecap dislocation occurs when the round-shaped bone covering the knee (patella) moves or slides out of place. The dislocation often occurs toward the outside of the leg.
12410-Crohn disease-A condition in which the gastrointestinal tract is inflamed over a long period of time. Crohn disease usually affects the small intestine and colon. Symptoms include fever, diarrhea, stomach cramps, vomiting, and weight loss.
12411-Postoperative infection-A postoperative infection is defined as any infection that occurs within 30 days of operation and may be related to the operation itself or the postoperative course.
12412-Folate deficiency-Folate deficiency caused by a lack of dietary folate is more common in people who have a generally unbalanced and unhealthy diet, people who regularly misuse alcohol, and people following a fad diet that does not involve eating good sources of folate.
12413-Fluid overload-Fluid overload (FO) is characterized by hypervolemia, edema, or both. In clinical practice it is usually suspected when a patient shows evidence of pulmonary edema, peripheral edema, or body cavity effusion. FO may be a consequence of spontaneous disease, or may be a complication of intravenous fluid therapy.
12414-Atrial flutter-Atrial flutter is a type of heart rhythm disorder in which the heart's upper chambers (atria) beat too quickly. In atrial flutter, the heart's upper chambers (atria) beat too quickly. This causes the heart to beat in a fast, but usually regular, rhythm.
12415-Skin disorder-Skin diseases include all conditions that irritate, clog or damage your skin, as well as skin cancer. You may inherit a skin condition or develop a skin disease. Many skin diseases cause itchiness, dry skin or rashes. Often, you can manage these symptoms with medication, proper skin care and lifestyle changes.
12416-Floaters-Floaters are small dark shapes that float across your vision. They can look like spots, threads, squiggly lines, or even little cobwebs. Most people have floaters that come and go, and they often don't need treatment. But sometimes floaters can be a sign of a more serious eye condition.
12417-Tooth disorder-avities are permanently damaged areas in the hard surface of your teeth that develop into tiny openings or holes. Cavities, also called tooth decay or caries, are caused by a combination of factors, including bacteria in your mouth, frequent snacking, sipping sugary drinks and not cleaning your teeth well.
12418-Heart attack-Myocardial infarction, the medical term for heart attack, literally means "heart tissue damage or death." Heart attacks most commonly occur when one or more of the coronary arteries — a network of blood vessels that supply blood to the heart — become blocked. Heart muscle becomes starved for oxygen and nutrients.
12419-Open wound of the abdomen-The term "open abdomen" refers to a defect in the abdominal wall that exposes the abdominal viscera. Damage control surgery associated with trauma and abdominal compartment syndrome are the most frequent reasons for leaving an abdomen open.
12420-Fracture of the leg-A broken leg (leg fracture) is a break or crack in one of the bones in your leg. Common causes include falls, motor vehicle accidents and sports injuries. Treatment of a broken leg depends on the location and severity of the injury.
12421-Oral thrush (yeast infection)-Oral thrush — also called oral candidiasis (kan-dih-DIE-uh-sis) — is a condition in which the fungus Candida albicans accumulates on the lining of your mouth. Candida is a normal organism in your mouth, but sometimes it can overgrow and cause symptoms.
12422-Pityriasis rosea-Pityriasis rosea is a rash that often begins as an oval spot on the face, chest, abdomen or back. This is called a herald patch and may be up to 4 inches (10 centimeters) across. Then you may get smaller spots that sweep out from the middle of the body in a shape that looks like drooping pine-tree branches.
12423-Allergy to animals-Pet allergy is an allergic reaction to proteins found in an animal's skin cells, saliva or urine. Signs of pet allergy include those common to hay fever, such as sneezing and runny nose. Some people may also experience signs of asthma, such as wheezing and difficulty breathing.
12424-Orthostatic hypotension-Orthostatic hypotension — also called postural hypotension — is a form of low blood pressure that happens when standing after sitting or lying down. Orthostatic hypotension can cause dizziness or lightheadedness and possibly fainting.
12425-Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)-Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is a sleep-related breathing disorder that involves a decrease or complete halt in airflow despite an ongoing effort to breathe. It occurs when the muscles relax during sleep, causing soft tissue in the back of the throat to collapse and block the upper airway.
12426-Hypokalemia-Low potassium (hypokalemia) refers to a lower than normal potassium level in your bloodstream. Potassium helps carry electrical signals to cells in your body. It is critical to the proper functioning of nerve and muscles cells, particularly heart muscle cells.
12427-Psoriasis-A chronic disease of the skin marked by red patches covered with white scales.
12428-Dislocation of the shoulder-A dislocated shoulder is an injury in which the upper arm bone pops out of the cup-shaped socket that's part of the shoulder blade. The shoulder is the body's most flexible joint, which makes it more likely to dislocate. If you suspect a dislocated shoulder, seek prompt medical attention.
12429-Intussusception-a serious condition in which part of the intestine slides into an adjacent part of the intestine. This telescoping action often blocks food or fluid from passing through.
12430-Cervicitis-Cervicitis is an inflammation of the cervix, the lower, narrow end of the uterus that opens into the vagina. Possible symptoms of cervicitis include bleeding between menstrual periods, pain with intercourse or during a pelvic exam, and abnormal vaginal discharge.
12431-Abscess of the pharynx-parapharyngeal abscess is a deep neck abscess. Symptoms include fever, sore throat, odynophagia, and swelling in the neck down to the hyoid bone.
12432-Primary thrombocythemia-Primary thrombocythemia; Essential thrombocytosis. Essential thrombocythemia (ET) is a condition in which the bone marrow produces too many platelets. Platelets are a part of the blood that aids in blood clotting. Blood is comprised of red blood cells, platelets, and various white blood cells.
12433-Arthritis of the hip-Hip arthritis is deterioration of the cartilage of the hip joint. The hip is a ball-and-socket joint with the ball at the top of the thighbone (the femoral head). The ball is separated from the socket (the acetabulum) by cartilage.
12434-Decubitus ulcer-Bedsores — also called pressure ulcers and decubitus ulcers — are injuries to skin and underlying tissue resulting from prolonged pressure on the skin. Bedsores most often develop on skin that covers bony areas of the body, such as the heels, ankles, hips and tailbone.
12435-Hypernatremia-Hypernatremia is a common electrolyte problem that is defined as a rise in serum sodium concentration to a value exceeding 145 mmol/L. [1, 2, 3] It is strictly defined as a hyperosmolar condition caused by a decrease in total body water (TBW) relative to electrolyte content.
12436-Sensorineural hearing loss-Sensorineural deafness is a type of hearing loss. It occurs from damage to the inner ear, the place of origin of the nerve that runs from the ear to the brain (auditory nerve), or the brain. The ear consists of external, middle, and inner structures.
12437-Chronic ulcer-Chronic ulcers are areas on the legs, ankles or feet where underlying tissue damage, or a trauma, has caused skin loss, leaving a raw wound that takes a long time to heal. Chronic ulcers can develop for numerous reasons.
12438-Osteoporosis-A condition in which there is a decrease in the amount and thickness of bone tissue. This causes the bones to become weak and break more easily. Osteoporosis may be caused by older age, hormone changes, taking certain medicines, and not eating enough foods with calcium and vitamin D.
12439-Ileus-Ileus is a temporary arrest of intestinal peristalsis. It occurs most commonly after abdominal surgery, particularly when the intestines have been manipulated. Symptoms are nausea, vomiting, and vague abdominal discomfort. Diagnosis is based on x-ray findings and clinical impression.
12440-Sickle cell crisis-A sickle cell crisis is pain that can begin suddenly and last several hours to several days. It happens when sickled red blood cells block small blood vessels that carry blood to your bones. You might have pain in your back, knees, legs, arms, chest or stomach.
12441-Urethritis-Urethritis is inflammation (swelling and irritation) of the urethra. The urethra is the tube that carries urine from the body.
12442-Prostatitis-Prostatitis is a disorder of the prostate gland usually associated with inflammation. Prostatitis often causes painful or difficult urination, as well as pain in the groin, pelvic area or genitals. Bacterial infections cause some but not all cases of prostatitis.
12443-Otitis externa (swimmer's ear)-Otitis externa is a condition that causes inflammation (redness and swelling) of the external ear canal, which is the tube between the outer ear and eardrum. Otitis externa is often referred to as "swimmer's ear" because repeated exposure to water can make the ear canal more vulnerable to inflammation.
12444-Poisoning due to anticonvulsants-Anticonvulsants (AC) inhibit neuronal hyperactivity by blocking voltage-gated sodium and calcium channels.
12445-Testicular torsion-Testicular torsion occurs when a testicle rotates, twisting the spermatic cord that brings blood to the scrotum. The reduced blood flow causes sudden and often severe pain and swelling.
12446-Tricuspid valve disease-Tricuspid valve disease is a type of heart valve disease (valvular heart disease). The valve between the two right heart chambers (right ventricle and right atrium) doesn't work properly. As a result, the heart must work harder to send blood to the lungs and the rest of the body.
12447-Urethral stricture-A urethral (u-REE-thrul) stricture involves scarring that narrows the tube that carries urine out of your body (urethra). A stricture restricts the flow of urine from the bladder and can cause a variety of medical problems in the urinary tract, including inflammation or infection.
12448-Vitamin D deficiency- Vitamin D deficiency means you don't have enough vitamin D in your body. It primarily causes issues with your bones and muscles. Vitamin D is an essential vitamin that your body uses for normal bone development and maintenance.
12449-Hydatidiform mole-A slow-growing tumor that develops from trophoblastic cells (cells that help an embryo attach to the uterus and help form the placenta) after fertilization of an egg by a sperm. A hydatidiform mole contains many cysts (sacs of fluid).
12450-Pain disorder affecting the neck-Cervical radiculopathy is a type of neck disorder that results from the compression or irritation of the nerve roots in the cervical spine. Nerve root compression can occur due to spondylosis, instability, trauma, or rarely tumors.
12451-Tuberculosis-A disease caused by a specific type of bacteria that spreads from one person to another through the air. Tuberculosis can affect many parts of the body, but most often affects the lungs.
12452-Pelvic fistula-A vaginal fistula is an unusual opening that develops between the vagina and another organ, such as the bladder, colon or rectum. Your health care provider might describe a vaginal fistula as a hole in the vagina that allows urine, gas or stool to pass through the vagina.
12453-Acute bronchiolitis-Bronchiolitis is a common lung infection in young children and infants. It causes inflammation and congestion in the small airways (bronchioles) of the lung. Bronchiolitis is almost always caused by a virus. Typically, the peak time for bronchiolitis is during the winter months.
12454-Presbyopia-Presbyopia is the gradual loss of your eyes' ability to focus on nearby objects. It's a natural, often annoying part of aging. Presbyopia usually becomes noticeable in your early to mid-40s and continues to worsen until around age 65.
12455-Dementia-Dementia is not a specific disease but is rather a general term for the impaired ability to remember, think, or make decisions that interferes with doing everyday activities. Alzheimer's disease is the most common type of dementia.
12456-Insect bite-A bite is when an insect (like a mosquito, flea, or bedbug) uses its mouth to break a person's skin, usually so it can feed. Insect bites usually itch. A sting is when an insect uses another body part, such as a barbed stinger at its tail end, to pierce the skin and inject venom (like a poison).
12457-Paroxysmal ventricular tachycardia-Paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT) is a type of abnormal heart rhythm, or arrhythmia. It occurs when a short circuit rhythm develops in the upper chamber of the heart. This results in a regular but rapid heartbeat that starts and stops abruptly.
12458-Congenital heart defect-A congenital heart defect is a problem with the structure of the heart that a child is born with. Some congenital heart defects in children are simple and don't need treatment. Other congenital heart defects in children are more complex and may require several surgeries performed over a period of several years.
12459-Connective tissue disorder-A connective tissue disease is any disease that affects the parts of the body that connect the structures of the body together. Connective tissues are made up of two proteins: collagen and elastin. Collagen is a protein found in the tendons, ligaments, skin, cornea, cartilage, bone and blood vessels.
12460-Foreign body in the eye-Foreign bodies refer to any objects in the eye that are not meant to be there. The foreign object may be in the conjunctiva (a thin membrane that covers the actual eye) or in the cornea (the clear, dome-shaped surface that covers the front of the eye).
12461-Poisoning due to gas-Inhale the toxic gas,Exposure to it, either through inhalation or physical contact, can cause health problems.
12462-Pyogenic skin infection-This occurs when bacteria enter the body through a break in the skin, such as a cut or a scratch.
12463-Endometrial hyperplasia-An abnormal overgrowth of the endometrium (the layer of cells that lines the uterus).
12464-Acanthosis nigricans-Acanthosis nigricans is a skin condition that causes a dark discoloration in body folds and creases. It typically affects the armpits, groin and neck. Acanthosis nigricans is a condition that causes areas of dark, thick velvety skin in body folds and creases.
12465-Central atherosclerosis-Atherosclerosis is the buildup of fats, cholesterol and other substances in and on the artery walls.
12466-Viral exanthem-A viral exanthem is an eruptive skin rash that is often related to a viral infection. Immunizations have decreased the number of cases of measles, mumps, rubella and chickenpox, but all viral skin infections require clinical care by a physician or other healthcare professional.
12467-Blastomycosis-Blastomycosis is an infection caused by a fungus called Blastomyces. The fungus lives in the environment, particularly in moist soil and in decomposing matter such as wood and leaves.
12468-Noninfectious gastroenteritis-Gastroenteritis can cause nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and cramping in the belly. This may occur from food sensitivity, inflammation of your gastrointestinal tract, medicines, stress, or other causes not related to infection.
12469-Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)-A benign (not cancer) condition in which an overgrowth of prostate tissue pushes against the urethra and the bladder, blocking the flow of urine. Also called benign prostatic hyperplasia and BPH. Enlarge.
12470-Menopause-Menopause is the point when you no longer have menstrual periods. At this stage, your ovaries have stopped releasing eggs and stopped producing most of their estrogen. A healthcare provider diagnoses menopause when you've gone without a menstrual period for 12 consecutive months.
12471-Primary immunodeficiency-People with primary immunodeficiency (PI) have an immune system that does not work correctly. This means that people with PI are more likely to get and become very sick from infections. There are more than 400 types of PI that vary in severity, which affects how early they are detected.
12472-Ovarian cancer-Cancer that forms in tissues of the ovary (one of a pair of female reproductive glands in which the ova, or eggs, are formed). Most ovarian cancers are either ovarian epithelial cancers (cancer that begins in the cells on the surface of the ovary) or malignant germ cell tumors (cancer that begins in egg cells).
12473-Cataract-A condition in which the lens of the eye becomes cloudy. Symptoms include blurred, cloudy, or double vision; sensitivity to light; and difficulty seeing at night.
12474-Dislocation of the hip-Hip dislocation occurs when the ball joint of your hip (femur) pops out of its socket (acetubulum). It's a medical emergency. A dislocated hip is acutely painful and disabling. Immediate care reduces the chance of long-term complications.
12475-Spinal stenosis-Spinal stenosis happens when the spaces in the spine narrow and create pressure on the spinal cord and nerve roots. The spinal cord is a bundle of nerves that comes out of the base of the brain and runs down the center of the spine. The nerve roots branch out from the cord.
12476-Intestinal obstruction-Intestinal obstruction is a blockage that keeps food or liquid from passing through your small intestine or large intestine (colon).
12477-Heart contusion-A myocardial contusion, or cardiac contusion, is a bruise on your heart muscle. Common causes include car crashes and falls. Treatment depends on the complications that may happen after this blunt cardiac injury. Recovery depends on the severity of your injury, but most people make a full recovery.
12478-Congenital malformation syndrome-Congenital anomalies can be defined as structural or functional anomalies that occur during intrauterine life. Also called birth defects, congenital disorders, or congenital malformations, these conditions develop prenatally and may be identified before or at birth, or later in life.
12479-Sporotrichosis-Sporotrichosis (also known as “rose gardener's disease”) is an infection caused by a fungus called Sporothrix. This fungus lives throughout the world in soil and on plant matter such as sphagnum moss, rose bushes, and hay. 1,2. People get sporotrichosis by coming in contact with the fungal spores in the environment.
12480-Lymphangitis-nfectious lymphangitis occurs when viruses and bacteria invade the vessels of your lymphatic system, typically through an infected cut or wound. Tender red streaks often radiate from the wound toward the nearest lymph glands. Other symptoms include fever, chills, and a general sense of illness.
12481-Wernicke Korsakoff syndrome-Korsakoff syndrome (also called Korsakoff's amnesic syndrome) is a memory disorder that results from vitamin B1 deficiency and is associated with alcoholism. Korsakoff's syndrome damages nerve cells and supporting cells in the brain and spinal cord, as well as the part of the brain involved with memory.
12482-Intestinal disease-Intestinal diseases are those that affect any segment of the intestine (small or large intestine), from the duodenum to the rectum. The term encompasses acute or chronic conditions and covers a wide range of diseases including constipation, diverticular disease and irritable bowel syndrome.
12483-Acute bronchitis-Acute bronchitis is swelling and inflamed tissue in the main passages that carry air to the lungs. This swelling narrows the airways, which makes it harder to breathe. Other symptoms of bronchitis are a cough and coughing up mucus. Acute means the symptoms have been present only for a short time.
12484-Persistent vomiting of unknown cause-Persistent vomiting is mentioned as a symptom of a large variety of systemic disorders including; obstruction, gastrointestinal disorders, infectious diseases, neurological disorders, metabolic and endocrine disorders, renal disorders, toxins, postoperation, and pregnancy.
12485-Open wound of the foot-n open wound of the foot means a cut or break in the skin there. The wound may be minor and near the surface of the skin. Or it can be more serious, affecting deeper tissues of the foot, such as tendons, muscles, ligaments, nerves, blood vessels, or bone.
12486-Myocarditis-Myocarditis is inflammation of the heart muscle (myocardium). The inflammation can reduce the heart's ability to pump blood. Myocarditis can cause chest pain, shortness of breath, and rapid or irregular heart rhythms (arrhythmias).
12487-Preeclampsia-Preeclampsia is one high blood pressure (hypertension) disorder that can occur during pregnancy. Other disorders can happen, too: Gestational hypertension is high blood pressure that begins after 20 weeks without problems in the kidneys or other organs.
12488-Ischemic heart disease-Ischemic means that an organ (e.g., the heart) is not getting enough blood and oxygen. Ischemic heart disease, also called coronary heart disease (CHD) or coronary artery disease, is the term given to heart problems caused by narrowed heart (coronary) arteries that supply blood to the heart muscle.
12489-Neurofibromatosis-Neurofibromatoses are a group of genetic disorders that cause tumors to form on nerve tissue. These tumors can develop anywhere in the nervous system, including the brain, spinal cord and nerves.
12490-Chickenpox-A highly contagious disease marked by an itchy, blister-like rash caused by the varicella-zoster virus (a type of herpesvirus).
12491-Pancreatic cancer-Pancreatic cancer is cancer that forms in the cells of the pancreas. Pancreatic cancer begins in the tissues of your pancreas — an organ in your abdomen that lies behind the lower part of your stomach. Your pancreas releases enzymes that aid digestion and produces hormones that help manage your blood sugar.
12492-Neuropathy due to drugs-Neuropathy is injury to the peripheral nerves. These are nerves that are not in the brain or spinal cord. Neuropathy secondary to drugs is a loss of sensation or movement in a part of the body due to nerve damage from taking a certain medicine or combination of medicines.
12493-Croup-Croup refers to an infection of the upper airway, which becomes narrow, making it harder to breathe. Croup also causes a cough that sounds like barking.
12494-Idiopathic excessive menstruation-diopathic ovulatory menorrhagia is regular heavy bleeding in the absence of recognisable pelvic pathology or a general bleeding disorder. Objective menorrhagia is taken to be a total menstrual blood loss of 80 mL or more in each menstruation.
12495-Amblyopia- Amblyopia (also called lazy eye) is a type of poor vision that usually happens in just 1 eye but less commonly in both eyes. It develops when there's a breakdown in how the brain and the eye work together, and the brain can't recognize the sight from 1 eye.
12496-Meckel diverticulum-Meckel's diverticulum is a small pouch in the wall of the intestine, near the junction of the small and large intestines. The pouch is a remnant of tissue from the prenatal development of the digestive system.
12497-Dislocation of the wrist-If the wrist or hand is dislocated, your doctor will put the joint back into place and immobilize it so it can heal. If the injury is a fracture, the bones will be reset and casted. The pain of a mild sprain can be reduced with over-the-counter medication such as ibuprofen.
12498-Ear drum damage-A ruptured eardrum (tympanic membrane perforation) is a hole or tear in the thin tissue that separates the ear canal from the middle ear (eardrum). A ruptured eardrum can result in hearing loss. It can also make the middle ear vulnerable to infections.
12499-Erectile dysfunction-An inability to have an erection of the penis adequate for sexual intercourse. Also called impotence.
12500-Temporary or benign blood in urine-Hematuria is the presence of blood in the urine. This can be caused by a number of different conditions. Most of the time, the cause is not serious and will quickly self-resolve. Strenuous exercise is a cause of hematuria that is not serious.
12501-Kidney disease due to longstanding hypertension-Hypertensive arteriolar nephrosclerosis is progressive kidney damage caused by long-standing, poorly controlled high blood pressure (hypertension). The person may develop symptoms of chronic kidney disease such as loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, itching, and confusion.
12502-Chondromalacia of the patella-Chondromalacia patella (knee pain) is the softening and breakdown of the tissue (cartilage) on the underside of the kneecap (patella). Pain results when the knee and the thigh bone (femur) rub together.
12503-Onychomycosis-Onychomycosis is a fungal infection of the toenails or fingernails that may involve any component of the nail unit, including the matrix, bed, or plate.
12504-Urethral Urethral syndrome is a condition that leads to urethra irritation. The cause isn't known, but may include hormonal imbalances, urethra injury or STIs. Symptoms include frequent, painful and difficult urination. Treatments include medications and relaxation techniques.
12505-Lyme disease-Lyme disease is a bacterial infection you get from the bite of an infected tick. At first, Lyme disease usually causes symptoms such as a rash, fever, headache, and fatigue. But if it is not treated early, the infection can spread to your joints, heart, and nervous system. Prompt treatment can help you recover quickly.
12506-Iron deficiency anemia-This most common type of anemia is caused by a shortage of iron in your body. Your bone marrow needs iron to make hemoglobin. Without adequate iron, your body can't produce enough hemoglobin for red blood cells. Without iron supplementation, this type of anemia occurs in many pregnant women.
12507-Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS)-Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) occurs when fluid builds up in the tiny, elastic air sacs (alveoli) in your lungs. The fluid keeps your lungs from filling with enough air, which means less oxygen reaches your bloodstream. This deprives your organs of the oxygen they need to function.
12508-Toxic multinodular goiter-Toxic nodular goiter involves an enlarged thyroid gland. The gland contains areas that have increased in size and formed nodules. One or more of these nodules produce too much thyroid hormone.
12509-Open wound of the finger-An open wound of the finger means a cut or break of the skin there. The wound may be minor and near the surface of the skin. Or it can be more serious, affecting deeper tissues of the finger, such as tendons, ligaments, nerves, blood vessels, or bone.
12510-Autonomic nervous system disorder-Autonomic neuropathy occurs when there is damage to the nerves that control automatic body functions. It can affect blood pressure, temperature control, digestion, bladder function and even sexual function.
12511-Psychosexual disorder-Psychosexual disorders are defined as the sexual problems that are psychological in origin and occur in absence of any pathological disease. They often arise because of physical, environmental, or psychological factors, and at times it is difficult to separate one from the other.
12512-Anemia-Anemia occurs when your blood doesn't have enough red blood cells. This can happen if: Your body doesn't make enough red blood cells. Bleeding causes you to lose red blood cells more quickly than they can be replaced. Your body destroys red blood cells.
12513-Tendinitis-Tendonitis is usually caused by sudden, sharp movements or repetitive exercise, such as running, jumping or throwing. Tendonitis can also be caused by repetitive movements, or having poor posture or technique while at work or when playing a sport. This is known as repetitive strain injury (RSI).
12514-Common cold-The common cold is a viral infection of your nose and throat (upper respiratory tract). It's usually harmless, although it might not feel that way. Many types of viruses can cause a common cold. Healthy adults can expect to have two or three colds each year. Infants and young children may have even more frequent colds.
12515-Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS)-ALS causes the motor neurons to gradually deteriorate, and then die. Motor neurons extend from the brain to the spinal cord to muscles throughout the body. When motor neurons are damaged, they stop sending messages to the muscles, so the muscles can't function. ALS is inherited in 5% to 10% of people.
12516-Central retinal artery or vein occlusion-What causes CRVO? The causes of CRVO aren't clear. Experts do know that people get CRVO if they have a blood clot or reduced blood flow out of the central retinal vein (the main vein that helps blood flow away from the retina). When the retina doesn't get enough blood flow, it also doesn't get enough oxygen.
12517-Paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia-Supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) is a heart condition featuring episodes of an abnormally fast heart rate. The heart will suddenly start racing, then stop racing or slow down abruptly. Episodes can last for seconds, minutes, hours or (in rare cases) days.
12518-Venous insufficiency-Chronic venous insufficiency occurs when your leg veins don't allow blood to flow back up to your heart. Normally, the valves in your veins make sure that blood flows toward your heart. But when these valves don't work well, blood can also flow backwards. This can cause blood to collect (pool) in your legs.
12519-Trichomonas infection-Trichomoniasis is caused by a one-celled protozoan, a type of tiny parasite called Trichomonas vaginalis. The parasite passes between people during genital contact, including vaginal, oral or anal sex. The infection can be passed between men and women, women, and sometimes men.
12520-Acne-Acne is a common skin condition that happens when hair follicles under the skin become clogged. Sebum—oil that helps keep skin from drying out—and dead skin cells plug the pores, which leads to outbreaks of lesions, commonly called pimples or zits.
12521-Depression-Depression, also known as major depressive disorder or clinical depression, is a mood disorder with a group of symptoms including constant sadness or lack of interest in life. Most of us feel sad, lonely, or depressed at times. It's a normal reaction to loss, life's struggles, or injured self-esteem.
12522-Drug abuse-Drug addiction is a chronic disease characterized by drug seeking and use that is compulsive, or difficult to control, despite harmful consequences. Brain changes that occur over time with drug use challenge an addicted person's self-control and interfere with their ability to resist intense urges to take drugs.
12523-Urinary tract obstruction-Urinary tract obstruction is a blockage that inhibits the flow of urine through its normal path (the urinary tract), including the kidneys, ureters, bladder, and urethra. Blockage can be complete or partial. Blockage can lead to kidney damage, kidney stones, and infection.
12524-Diabetes insipidus-Diabetes insipidus occurs when your body can't properly balance the body's fluid levels. Your kidneys filter the fluid portion of your blood to remove waste products. The majority of the fluid is returned to the bloodstream while the waste and a smaller amount of fluid make up urine.
12525-Iridocyclitis-The ciliary body helps control the shape of the lens and secretes a fluid called aqueous humor that provides nutrients to the eye. Iridocyclitis occurs when both the iris and ciliary body become inflamed. This can happen due to an injury, infection, a related condition such as arthritis, or for no apparent reason.
12526-Varicocele of the testicles-A varicocele (VAR-ih-koe-seel) is an enlargement of the veins within the loose bag of skin that holds the testicles (scrotum). These veins transport oxygen-depleted blood from the testicles. A varicocele occurs when blood pools in the veins rather than circulating efficiently out of the scrotum.
12527-Irritable bowel syndrome-Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is a common, long-term condition of the digestive system. Symptoms can include stomach cramps, bloating, diarrhoea and/or constipation. The condition is often lifelong, although the symptoms may change over time. With the right strategies, IBS can be successfully managed.
12528-Fracture of the foot-A broken foot is an injury to the bone. You may experience a broken foot during a car crash or from a simple misstep or fall.
12529-Ovarian cyst-An ovarian cyst is a fluid-filled sac that develops on an ovary. They're very common and do not usually cause any symptoms. Most ovarian cysts occur naturally and go away in a few months without needing any treatment.
12530-Chlamydia-Chlamydia is a common sexually transmitted disease. It is caused by bacteria called Chlamydia trachomatis. It can infect both men and women. Women can get chlamydia in the cervix, rectum, or throat.
12531-Parasitic disease-parasitic disease, in humans, any illness that is caused by a parasite, an organism that lives in or on another organism (known as the host).You can get them from contaminated food or water, a bug bite, or sexual contact. Some parasitic diseases are easily treated and some are not. Parasites range in size from tiny, one-celled organisms called protozoa to worms that can be seen with the naked eye. Some parasitic diseases occur in the United States.
12532-Fracture of the jaw-A dislocated jaw pops out of a temporomandibular joint (TMJ). Some broken or dislocated jaws heal with minor treatment.Most broken jaws are the result of: Accidents, including vehicle accidents, workplace accidents and falls. Assaults and trauma. Sports injuries or other injuries.
12533-Cytomegalovirus infection-Cytomegalovirus (CMV) is a common infection caused by a type of herpes virus. Pregnant people infected with CMV can give birth to a baby with congenital CMV. Congenital CMV can cause hearing loss and developmental issues.
12534-Lipoma- A lipoma is a lump of fat that grows in your body's soft tissues. Though it's classified as a tumor, it's usually harmless.The cause of lipomas is largely unknown. There may be a genetic cause in people with multiple lipomas. Around 2 to 3 percent of people who develop a lipoma have a family history of the condition. Some research suggests that lipomas may develop in an area where an injury has caused a significant impact.
12535-Female genitalia infection-Bacterial vaginosis, inflammation of the vagina due to an overgrowth of bacteria. · Candida or "yeast" infection, an overgrowth of the fungus etc.
12536-Pulmonary hypertension-Pulmonary hypertension happens when the pressure in the blood vessels leading from the heart to the lungs is too high. With pulmonary hypertension, the blood vessels to the lungs develop an increased amount of muscle in the wall of the blood vessels.
12537-Thyroid nodule-Thyroid nodules are solid or fluid-filled lumps that form within your thyroid, a small gland located at the base of your neck, just above your breastbone. Most thyroid nodules aren't serious and don't cause symptoms. Only a small percentage of thyroid nodules are cancerous.
12538-Broken tooth-A fractured tooth, often called a cracked tooth or cracked tooth syndrome (CTS), is when a crack appears in your tooth. The crack can sometimes be small and harmless. Other times, it can cause your tooth to break or split. Tooth fractures are most common in children and older people, although anybody can crack a tooth.
12539-Dumping syndrome-Dumping syndrome is a condition in which food, especially food high in sugar, moves from your stomach into your small bowel too quickly after you eat. Sometimes called rapid gastric emptying, dumping syndrome most often occurs as a result of surgery on your stomach or esophagus.
12540-Lymphadenitis-Lymphadenitis is an infection in one or more lymph nodes. The lymph nodes help filter bacteria, viruses and other unwanted material from the body.
12541-Injury to the face-Facial injuries include injuries involving the mouth, face and jaw. These range from facial cuts and lacerations to more serious problems, such as broken teeth and facial bones. Bone fractures can involve the lower or upper jaw, palate, cheekbones and eye sockets.
12542-Aortic valve disease-Aortic valve stenosis causes a thickening and narrowing of the valve between the heart's main pumping chamber (left ventricle) and the body's main artery (aorta). The narrowing creates a smaller opening for blood to pass through. Blood flow from the heart to the rest of the body is reduced or blocked.
12543-Rheumatoid arthritis-Rheumatoid arthritis is an autoimmune disease. Normally, your immune system helps protect your body from infection and disease. In rheumatoid arthritis, your immune system attacks healthy tissue in your joints. It can also cause medical problems with your heart, lungs, nerves, eyes and skin.
12544-Spermatocele-Noncancerous and generally painless, a spermatocele usually is filled with milky or clear fluid that might contain sperm.
12545-Impetigo-Impetigo occurs when the skin becomes infected with bacteria, usually either Staphylococcus aureus or Streptococcus pyogenes. The bacteria can infect the skin in two main ways: through a break in otherwise healthy skin – such as a cut, insect bite or other injury – this is known as primary impetigo.
12546-Anal fistula-An anal fistula is a small tunnel that develops between the end of the bowel and the skin near the anus (where poo leaves the body). They're usually the result of an infection near the anus causing a collection of pus (abscess) in the nearby tissue. When the pus drains away, it can leave a small channel behind.
12547-Hypothermia-Hypothermia is a medical emergency that occurs when your body loses heat faster than it can produce heat, causing a dangerously low body temperature. Normal body temperature is around 98.6 F (37 C). Hypothermia (hi-poe-THUR-me-uh) occurs as your body temperature falls below 95 F (35 C).
12548-Oppositional disorder-There's no known clear cause of oppositional defiant disorder. Contributing causes may be a combination of inherited and environmental factors, including: Genetics — a child's natural disposition or temperament and possibly neurobiological differences in the way nerves and the brain function.
12549-Migraine-A migraine is a headache that can cause severe throbbing pain or a pulsing sensation, usually on one side of the head. It's often accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and extreme sensitivity to light and sound.
12550-Diabetic peripheral neuropathy-Peripheral neuropathy is nerve damage caused by chronically high blood sugar and diabetes. It leads to numbness, loss of sensation, and sometimes pain in your feet, legs, or hands. It is the most common complication of diabetes.
12551-Testicular disorder-Orchitis(Medical Term). Orchitis is inflammation of one or both testicles. Most of the time, it is caused by bacterial or viral infection. The mumps is a common cause of orchitis.
12552-Gestational diabetes-Gestational diabetes occurs when your body can't make enough insulin during your pregnancy. Insulin is a hormone made by your pancreas that acts like a key to let blood sugar into the cells in your body for use as energy.
12553-Hidradenitis suppurativa-Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a chronic skin disease. It causes painful, boil-like lumps that form under the skin. It often affects areas where the skin rubs together, such as your armpits and groin. The lumps become inflamed and painful. They often break open, causing abscesses that drain fluid and pus.
12554-Valley fever-Valley fever is a fungal infection caused by coccidioides (kok-sid-e-OY-deze) organisms. It can cause signs and symptoms such as a fever, cough and tiredness. Two coccidioides fungi species cause valley fever. These fungi are commonly found in soil in specific regions.
12555-Conjunctivitis due to bacteria-Pink eye is inflammation of the tissues lining the eyelid (conjunctiva). Causes include allergens and irritants, bacteria and viruses.
12556-Lewy body dementia-Lewy body dementia (LBD) is a disease associated with abnormal deposits of a protein called alpha-synuclein in the brain. These deposits, called Lewy bodies, affect chemicals in the brain whose changes, in turn, can lead to problems with thinking, movement, behavior, and mood.
12557-Marfan syndrome-Marfan syndrome is a genetic condition that affects connective tissue, which provides support for the body and organs. Marfan syndrome can damage the blood vessels, heart, eyes, skin, lungs, and the bones of the hips, spine, feet, and rib cage.
12558-Multiple myeloma-Multiple myeloma is a cancer that forms in a type of white blood cell called a plasma cell. Healthy plasma cells help you fight infections by making antibodies that recognize and attack germs. In multiple myeloma, cancerous plasma cells accumulate in the bone marrow and crowd out healthy blood cells.
12559-Stomach cancer-Gastric cancer is a disease in which malignant (cancer) cells form in the lining of the stomach. Age, diet, and stomach disease can affect the risk of developing gastric cancer. Symptoms of gastric cancer include indigestion and stomach discomfort or pain.
12560-Developmental disability-Developmental disabilities are a group of conditions due to an impairment in physical, learning, language, or behavior areas. These conditions begin during the developmental period, may impact day-to-day functioning, and usually last throughout a person's lifetime.
12561-Acute stress reaction-Acute stress disorder (ASD) is an intense and unpleasant reaction that develops in the weeks following a traumatic event. Symptoms typically last for one month or less. If symptoms persist beyond one month, affected individuals are considered to have posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
12562-Delirium-Delirium is a serious change in mental abilities. It results in confused thinking and a lack of awareness of someone's surroundings. The disorder usually comes on fast — within hours or a few days. Delirium can often be traced to one or more factors.
12563-Callus-A thick, rough area of skin; A hardened, raised bump; Tenderness or pain under the skin; Flaky, dry or waxy skin.
12564-Guillain Barre syndrome-Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS) is a rare neurological disorder in which the body's immune system mistakenly attacks part of its peripheral nervous system—the network of nerves located outside of the brain and spinal cord.
12565-Lumbago-Acute lumbago is when the function of your back muscles is limited, usually in the lumbar spine region. It often happens with everyday movements.
12566-Deviated nasal septum-A deviated septum occurs when your nasal septum — the thin wall that separates your right and left nasal passages — is displaced to one side. A deviated septum can be caused by: A condition present at birth. In some cases, a deviated septum occurs when the fetus develops in the womb and is apparent at birth.
12567-Hemangioma-A hemangioma (he-man-jee-O-muh) is a bright red birthmark that shows up at birth or in the first or second week of life.Hemangiomas are caused by blood vessels that don't form properly. The direct cause is unknown. In children, hemangiomas are caused by blood vessels that don't develop correctly during pregnancy.
12568-Patau syndrome-Patau's syndrome is a serious rare genetic disorder caused by having an additional copy of chromosome 13 in some or all of the body's cells. It's also called trisomy 13. Each cell normally contains 23 pairs of chromosomes, which carry the genes you inherit from your parents.
12569-Peripheral arterial disease-Peripheral Arterial Disease (PAD) Peripheral arterial disease (PAD) in the legs or lower extremities is the narrowing or blockage of the vessels that carry blood from the heart to the legs. It is primarily caused by the buildup of fatty plaque in the arteries, which is called atherosclerosis.
12570-Chronic back pain-hronic back pain is usually age-related, but can also result from a prior injury.Chronic back pain is defined as pain that continues for 12 weeks or longer, even after an initial injury or underlying cause of acute low back pain has been treated. About 20 percent of people affected by acute low back pain develop chronic low back pain with persistent symptoms at one year.
12571-Heart failure-Heart failure means that the heart is unable to pump blood around the body properly. It usually happens because the heart has become too weak or stiff.Heart failure occurs when the heart muscle doesn't pump blood as well as it should. Blood often backs up and causes fluid to build up in the lungs (congest) and in the legs. The fluid buildup can cause shortness of breath and swelling of the legs and feet. Poor blood flow may cause the skin to appear blue (cyanotic).
12572-Conjunctivitis-The conjunctiva can become inflamed as a result of: a bacterial or viral infection – this is known as infective conjunctivitis. an allergic reaction to a substance such as pollen or dust mites – this is known as allergic conjunctivitis.
12573-Herniated disk-The rubbery disks that lie between the vertebrae in the spine consist of a soft center (nucleus) surrounded by a tougher exterior (annulus). A herniated disk occurs when a portion of the nucleus pushes through a crack in the annulus. Symptoms may occur if the herniation compresses a nerve.
12574-Rhabdomyolysis-Rhabdomyolysis (often called rhabdo) is a serious medical condition that can be fatal or result in permanent disability. Rhabdo occurs when damaged muscle tissue releases its proteins and electrolytes into the blood. These substances can damage the heart and kidneys and cause permanent disability or even death.
12575-Breast infection (mastitis)-Mastitis is an inflammation of breast tissue that sometimes involves an infection. The inflammation results in breast pain, swelling, warmth and redness. You might also have fever and chills. Mastitis most commonly affects women who are breast-feeding (lactation mastitis).
12576-Abdominal aortic aneurysm-An abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) is a bulge or swelling in the aorta, the main blood vessel that runs from the heart down through the chest and tummy. An AAA can be dangerous if it is not spotted early on. It can get bigger over time and could burst (rupture), causing life-threatening bleeding.
12577-Pulmonary embolism-A pulmonary embolism occurs when a clump of material, most often a blood clot, gets stuck in an artery in the lungs, blocking the flow of blood. Blood clots most commonly come from the deep veins of your legs, a condition known as deep vein thrombosis. In many cases, multiple clots are involved.
12578-Conduct disorder-Conduct disorder is a type of behavior disorder. It's when a child has antisocial behavior. Both genetic and environmental factors may play a role. Children with other mental health problems are more likely to have this disorder.
12579-Air embolism-Air can escape from the lungs into the blood vessels (arterial gas embolism) or nitrogen bubbles can form in the blood vessels (decompression sickness or "the bends"). Air or gas embolisms can cause serious and potentially fatal conditions, such as a stroke or heart attack.
12580-Mastectomy-A mastectomy is surgery to remove all breast tissue from a breast as a way to treat or prevent breast cancer. For those with early-stage breast cancer, a mastectomy may be one treatment option. Breast-conserving surgery (lumpectomy), in which only the tumor is removed from the breast, may be another option.
12581-Epididymitis-Epididymitis is an inflammation of the small, coiled tube at the back of the testicle (epididymis). Signs and symptoms of epididymitis might include: A swollen, red or warm scrotum. Testicle pain and tenderness, usually on one side, that usually comes on gradually.
12582-Premature rupture of amniotic membrane-Premature rupture of membranes (PROM) is a rupture (breaking open) of the membranes (amniotic sac) before labor begins. If PROM occurs before 37 weeks of pregnancy, it is called preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM). PROM occurs in about 8 to 10 percent of all pregnancies.
12583-Molluscum contagiosum-Molluscum contagiosum is a skin infection caused by a virus of the same name. It produces benign, raised bumps, or lesions, on the upper layers of your skin.
12584-Necrotizing fasciitis-Necrotizing fasciitis (NF) is a rare infection that means “decaying infection of the fascia,” which is the soft tissue that is part of the connective tissue system that runs throughout the body.
12585-Benign vaginal discharge (leukorrhea)-leukorrhea, also spelled leucorrhoea, flow of a whitish, yellowish, or greenish discharge from the vagina of the female that may be normal or that may be a sign of infection. Such discharges may originate from the vagina, ovaries, fallopian tubes, or, most commonly, the cervix.
12586-Bladder obstruction-An obstruction means that something is blocking your pee at the neck of your bladder, right before it goes into your urethra. There are many possible causes, from scar tissue to prostate cancer.
12587-Melanoma-Melanoma, the most serious type of skin cancer, develops in the cells (melanocytes) that produce melanin — the pigment that gives your skin its color. Melanoma can also form in your eyes and, rarely, inside your body, such as in your nose or throat.
12588-Cervical disorder-Cervical spine disorders involve the neck bones (vertebrae), and spongy discs between the vertebrae, joints, muscles, and ligaments. They're caused by injury or degeneration (break down) of the structures in the spine from normal “wear and tear,” stress, smoking, or aging.
12589-Laryngitis-Laryngitis is inflammation of the larynx (voice box). In most cases, it gets better without treatment in about a week. Symptoms of laryngitis can begin suddenly and usually get worse over a period of two to three days. Common symptoms of laryngitis include: hoarseness.
12590-Dyshidrosis-Dyshidrotic eczema is a chronic (long-term) skin condition that causes small blisters and dry, itchy skin. It usually develops on your fingers,etc.
12591-Poisoning due to opioids- Opioid overdose in children is often characterized by a delayed onset of toxicity, unexpectedly severe poisoning, and prolonged toxic effects.Opioids attach to proteins called opioid receptors on nerve cells in the brain, spinal cord, gut, and other parts of the body. When this happens, the opioids block pain messages sent from the body through the spinal cord to the brain.
12592-Diaper rash-This rash usually begins in the creases or folds of the thighs and in the diaper area, and then spreads. The rash is usually a deep red, shiny rash with red, satellite lesions. This type of rash may be associated with thrush, a yeast infection in the baby's mouth.
12593-Lichen planus-Lichen planus (LIE-kun PLAY-nus) is a condition that can cause swelling and irritation in the skin, hair, nails and mucous membranes. On the skin, lichen planus usually appears as purplish, itchy, flat bumps that develop over several weeks.
12594-Gastroduodenal ulcer-A peptic ulcer is a sore on the lining of your stomach or the first part of your small intestine (duodenum). If the ulcer is in your stomach, it is called a gastric ulcer. If the ulcer is in your duodenum, it is called a duodenal ulcer.
12595-Inguinal hernia-An inguinal hernia occurs when tissue, such as part of the intestine, protrudes through a weak spot in the abdominal muscles. The resulting bulge can be painful, especially when you cough, bend over or lift a heavy object. However, many hernias do not cause pain. An inguinal hernia isn't necessarily dangerous.
12596-Eczema-Eczema is a skin condition that causes dry and itchy patches of skin. It's a common condition that isn't contagious.It is a chronic disease characterized by dry, itchy skin that can weep clear fluid when scratched.
12597-Asperger syndrome-Asperger's Syndrome, a form of Autism Spectrum Disorder, is a developmental disorder. Young people with Asperger's Syndrome have a difficult time relating to others socially and their behavior and thinking patterns can be rigid and repetitive.
12598-Mucositis-Mucositis is when your mouth or gut is sore and inflamed. It's a common side effect of chemotherapy and radiotherapy for cancer. Although mucositis is usually painful, it can be treated. It should get better within a few weeks of finishing cancer treatment.
12599-Paronychia-Nail infections (paronychia) happen when bacteria get under the skin around the nail. Antibiotics can treat paronychia.Paronychia (nail infection) usually results from bacteria. Bacteria get into the skin through cuts in the cuticle and the nail fold (the skin around the nail). Most nail infections get better with antibiotics. Paronychia doesn't usually cause serious health problems.
12600-Open wound of the jaw-Unlike closed wounds, such as bruises or closed fractures, open wounds are injuries that involve a break in the skin and leave the internal tissue exposed. The skin has an important role in protecting the organs, tissues, and other structures inside the body, so a breach of the skin can potentially invite infection.
12601-White blood cell disease-White blood cells are also called leukocytes. They protect you against illness and disease. Think of white blood cells as your immunity cells.Leukocytosis, or high white blood cell count, can indicate a range of conditions, including infections, inflammation, injury and immune system disorders. A complete blood count (CBC) is usually performed to check for leukocytosis. Treating the underlying condition usually reduces your white blood cell count.
12602-Kaposi sarcoma-A type of cancer in which lesions (abnormal areas) grow in the skin, lymph nodes, lining of the mouth, nose, and throat, and other tissues of the body. The lesions are usually purple and are made of cancer cells, new blood vessels, and blood cells.
12603-Spondylolisthesis-Spondylolisthesis is a condition of the spine. It happens when one of your vertebrae moves more than it should and slips out of place.
12604-Pseudotumor cerebri-seudotumor cerebri (PTC), also known as idiopathic intracranial hypertension, is a problem caused by elevated cerebrospinal fluid pressure in the brain.
12605-Conjunctivitis due to virus-Most viruses that cause conjunctivitis spread through hand-to-eye contact by hands or objects that are contaminated with the infectious virus. Having contact with infectious tears, eye discharge, fecal matter, or respiratory discharges can contaminate hands.
12606-Open wound of the nose-Children may get minor cuts and wounds to the outside part of the nose while playing, climbing, ... Caused by a puncture wound, or dirty or rusty object.asal ulceration can be commonly caused by trauma or irritation from picking or blowing the nose to roughly, or foreign bodies inside the nose. Other causes of sores in the nose include chronic allergies, acne, or skin conditions like abscess or pimples.
12607-Head injury-A head injury is a broad term that describes a vast array of injuries that occur to the scalp, skull, brain, and underlying tissue and blood vessels in the head. Head injuries are also commonly referred to as brain injury, or traumatic brain injury (TBI), depending on the extent of the head trauma.
12608-Ascending cholangitis-Acute cholangitis, also known as ascending cholangitis, is a life-threatening condition caused by an ascending bacterial infection of the biliary tree.[1] Choledocholithiasis is the most common cause, with infection-causing stones in the common bile duct leading to partial or complete obstruction of the biliary system.
12609-Idiopathic irregular menstrual cycle-Abnormal menstruation can last an unusual amount of time, can be heavier or lighter than normal, and do not follow a typical cycle.
12610-Interstitial lung disease-Abnormal menstruation can last an unusual amount of time, can be heavier or lighter than normal, and do not follow a typical cycle.
12611-Mononeuritis-Mononeuritis multiplex, also known as mononeuropathy multiplex or multifocal neuropathy, is a type of peripheral neuropathy. It happens when there is damage to two or more different nerve areas. Mononeuritis multiplex is actually a group of symptoms rather than its own disease.
12612-Malaria-Malaria is a disease caused by a parasite. The parasite is spread to humans through the bites of infected mosquitoes. People who have malaria usually feel very sick with a high fever and shaking chills. While the disease is uncommon in temperate climates, malaria is still common in tropical and subtropical countries.
12613-Somatization disorder-Somatic symptom disorder is diagnosed when a person has a significant focus on physical symptoms, such as pain, weakness or shortness of breath, to a level that results in major distress and/or problems functioning. The individual has excessive thoughts, feelings and behaviors relating to the physical symptoms. The physical symptoms may or may not be associated with a diagnosed medical condition, but the person is experiencing symptoms and believes they are sick (that is, not faking the illness).
12614-Hypovolemia-Hypovolemia occurs when your body doesn't have enough fluid (blood) volume due to injury, illness or an underlying condition.Hypovolemic shock is an emergency condition in which severe blood or other fluid loss makes the heart unable to pump enough blood to the body. This type of shock can cause many organs to stop working.
12615-Schizophrenia-Schizophrenia is a serious mental disorder in which people interpret reality abnormally. Schizophrenia may result in some combination of hallucinations, delusions, and extremely disordered thinking and behavior that impairs daily functioning, and can be disabling. People with schizophrenia require lifelong treatment.
12616-Knee ligament or meniscus tear-A meniscus tear is a common knee injury that happens when one or more of the fibrocartilage strips in the knee (called menisci) is stretched or torn. Meniscus tears can happen during sports or even during simple daily activities such as walking or lifting something heavy.
12617-Endocarditis-Endocarditis occurs when bacteria or other germs enter the bloodstream and travel to the heart. The germs then stick to damaged heart valves or damaged heart tissue. Endocarditis is a life-threatening inflammation of the inner lining of the heart's chambers and valves. This lining is called the endocardium.
12618-Sepsis-Sepsis is the body's extreme response to an infection. It is a life-threatening medical emergency. Sepsis happens when an infection you already have triggers a chain reaction throughout your body. Infections that lead to sepsis most often start in the lung, urinary tract, skin, or gastrointestinal tract.
12619-Heat stroke-Heat stroke is the most serious heat-related illness. It occurs when the body can no longer control its temperature: the body's temperature rises rapidly, the sweating mechanism fails, and the body is unable to cool down.
12620-Cholecystitis-Cholecystitis is a redness and swelling (inflammation) of the gallbladder. It happens when bile becomes trapped and builds up in the gallbladder. In most cases this happens when solid lumps (gallstones) block the tube that drains bile from the gallbladder. In most cases you will be admitted to a hospital.
12621-Cardiac arrest-Cardiac arrest occurs when the heart suddenly and unexpectedly stops pumping. If this happens, blood stops flowing to the brain and other vital organs. Cardiac arrests are caused by certain types of arrhythmias that prevent the heart from pumping blood. Cardiac arrest is a medical emergency.
12622-Cardiomyopathy-Cardiomyopathy (kahr-dee-o-my-OP-uh-thee) is a disease of the heart muscle that makes it harder for the heart to pump blood to the rest of the body. Cardiomyopathy can lead to heart failure. The main types of cardiomyopathy include dilated, hypertrophic and restrictive cardiomyopathy.
12623-Social phobia-Social anxiety disorder, also called social phobia, is a long-term and overwhelming fear of social situations. It's a common problem that usually starts during the teenage years. It can be very distressing and have a big impact on your life. For some people it gets better as they get older.
12624-Meningitis-Meningitis is an infection and inflammation of the fluid and membranes surrounding the brain and spinal cord. These membranes are called meninges. The inflammation from meningitis typically triggers symptoms such as headache, fever and a stiff neck.
12625-Spherocytosis-Hereditary spherocytosis is an inherited blood disorder. It happens because of a problem with the red blood cells (RBCs). Instead of being shaped like a disk, the cells are round like a sphere. These red blood cells (called spherocytes) are more fragile than disk-shaped RBCs.
12626-Hormone disorder-When you have a hormonal imbalance, you have too much or too little of a certain hormone. Even tiny changes can have serious effects throughout your whole body.
12627-Raynaud disease-Raynaud's phenomenon is a problem that causes decreased blood flow to the fingers. In some cases, it also causes less blood flow to the ears, toes, nipples, knees, or nose. This happens due to spasms of blood vessels in those areas. The spasms happen in response to cold, stress, or emotional upset.
12628-Reactive arthritis-Reactive arthritis is a condition that causes redness and swelling (inflammation) in various joints in the body, especially the knees, feet, toes, hips and ankles. It usually develops after you've had an infection, particularly a sexually transmitted infection or food poisoning.
12629-Scabies-Human scabies is a parasitic infestation caused by Sarcoptes scabiei var hominis. The microscopic mite burrows into the skin and lays eggs, eventually triggering a host immune response that leads to intense itching and rash.
12630-Ear wax impaction-We say that earwax is impacted when it has built up in the ear canal to such a point that there may be signs that something isn't quite right. It's important to note that most people might never need to clean their ears. Ears are designed to clean themselves.
12631-Hypertension of pregnancy-This condition happens when you only have high blood pressure* during pregnancy and do not have protein in your urine or other heart or kidney problems. It is typically diagnosed after 20 weeks of pregnancy or close to delivery. Gestational hypertension usually goes away after you give birth.
12632-Peripheral arterial embolism-An arterial embolism is a blood clot that has travelled through your arteries and become stuck. These clots generally affect the arms, legs, or feet.
12633-Rosacea-Rosacea (roe-ZAY-she-uh) is a common skin condition that causes blushing or flushing and visible blood vessels in your face. It may also produce small, pus-filled bumps. These signs and symptoms may flare up for weeks to months and then go away for a while.
12634-Fracture of the skull-A skull fracture is a head injury where there is a break in the skull bone. While mild breaks can cause few problems and heal over time, severe breaks can lead to complications including bleeding, brain damage, leaking of cerebrospinal fluid, infection and seizures.
12635-Uveitis- Uveitis is inflammation inside your eye. Inflammation usually happens when your immune system is fighting an infection.
12636-Fracture of the facial bones- Facial fractures (broken bones in your face) can be minor or complex and can happen in many ways. Treatment ranges from resting to surgery.
12637-Tracheitis-Tracheitis is a bacterial infection of the windpipe (trachea).
12638-Jaw disorder-Temporomandibular Joint (TMJ) disorders are conditions affecting the jaw joints and surrounding muscles and ligaments. It can be caused by trauma, an improper bite, arthritis or wear and tear. Common symptoms include jaw tenderness, headaches, earaches and facial pain.
12639-Perirectal infection-Perianal abscess is a superficial infection that appears as a tender red lump under the skin near the anus. The infection occurs when bacteria gets trapped in the crypt glands that line the anal canal. The bacteria and fluid (pus) build up and becomes a lump that is red and painful (like a “pimple”).
12640-Breast cyst-Breast cysts are fluid-filled sacs inside the breast. They are usually noncancerous (benign). You may have one or multiple breast cysts. A breast cyst often feels like a grape or a water-filled balloon, but sometimes a breast cyst feels firm.
12641-Post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)-Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a disorder that develops in some people who have experienced a shocking, scary, or dangerous event. It is natural to feel afraid during and after a traumatic situation. Fear triggers many split-second changes in the body to help defend against danger or to avoid it.
12642-Kidney cancer-Kidney cancer is the abnormal growth of cells in your kidney tissue. In time, these cells form a mass called a tumor. Cancer begins when something triggers a change in the cells, and they divide out of control. A cancerous or malignant tumor can spread to other tissues and vital organs.
12643-Vulvar cancer-Vulvar cancer is a type of cancer that occurs on the outer surface area of the female genitalia. The vulva is the area of skin that surrounds the urethra and vagina, including the clitoris and labia. Vulvar cancer commonly forms as a lump or sore on the vulva that often causes itching.
12644-Blepharitis-Blepharitis (blef-uh-RYE-tis) is inflammation of the eyelids. Blepharitis usually affects both eyes along the edges of the eyelids.
12645-Celiac disease-Celiac disease is a serious autoimmune disease that occurs in genetically predisposed people where the ingestion of gluten leads to damage in the small intestine. It is estimated to affect 1 in 100 people worldwide, but only about 30% are properly diagnosed.
12646-Cystitis-Cystitis is inflammation of the bladder, usually caused by a bladder infection. It's a common type of urinary tract infection (UTI), particularly in women, and is usually more of a nuisance than a cause for serious concern. Mild cases will often get better by themselves within a few days.Most cases of cystitis are caused by a type of Escherichia coli (E. coli) bacteria. But other types of bacteria can cause infections, too.
12647-Sickle cell anemia-An inherited disease in which the red blood cells have an abnormal crescent shape, block small blood vessels, and do not last as long as normal red blood cells.It affects the shape of red blood cells, which carry oxygen to all parts of the body.
12648-Subconjunctival hemorrhage-Subconjunctival hemorrhage is when one or more blood spots appear on the white of your eye. The eye's conjunctiva contains a lot of tiny blood vessels that can break. If they break, blood leaks between the conjunctiva and sclera. This bleeding is the bright red spot that you see on the white of your eye.
12649-Hemorrhoids-Hemorrhoids are when the veins or blood vessels in and around your anus and lower rectum become swollen and irritated. This happens when there is extra pressure on these veins. Hemorrhoids can be either inside your anus (internal) or under the skin around your anus (external).
12650-Contact dermatitis-Contact dermatitis is an itchy rash caused by direct contact with a substance or an allergic reaction to it. The rash isn't contagious, but it can be very uncomfortable. Many substances can cause this reaction, such as cosmetics, fragrances, jewelry and plants. The rash often shows up within days of exposure.
12651-Sinus bradycardia-Sinus bradycardia is a heart rhythm where your heart beats slower than expected (under 60 beats per minute for adults) but otherwise works normally. It's fairly common, especially in adults over 65 and those who exercise regularly. It's usually not serious unless you have symptoms.
12652-High blood pressure-High blood pressure (hypertension) is when one or both of your blood pressure readings are higher than 130/80 mm Hg most of the time. If the top blood pressure number is between 120 and 130 mm Hg, and the bottom blood pressure number is less than 80 mm Hg, it is called elevated blood pressure.
12653-Pelvic inflammatory disease-Pelvic inflammatory disease is an infection of a woman's reproductive organs. It is a complication often caused by some STDs, like chlamydia and gonorrhea. Other infections that are not sexually transmitted can also cause PID.
12654-Liver disease-The term “liver disease” refers to any of several conditions that can affect and damage your liver. Over time, liver disease can cause cirrhosis (scarring). As more scar tissue replaces healthy liver tissue, the liver can no longer function properly.If signs and symptoms of liver disease do occur, they may include: Skin and eyes that appear yellowish (jaundice) Abdominal pain and swelling. Swelling in the legs and ankles.
12655-Chronic constipation-Chronic constipation is infrequent bowel movements or difficult passage of stools that persists for several weeks or longer. Constipation is generally described as having fewer than three bowel movements a week.
12656-Thyroid cancer-Thyroid cancer is a growth of cells that starts in the thyroid. The thyroid is a butterfly-shaped gland located at the base of the neck, just below the Adam's apple. The thyroid produces hormones that regulate heart rate, blood pressure, body temperature and weight. Thyroid cancer might not cause any symptoms at first.
12657-Flu-Flu (influenza) is an infection of the nose, throat and lungs, which are part of the respiratory system. Influenza is commonly called the flu, but it's not the same as stomach "flu" viruses that cause diarrhea and vomiting.
12658-Friedrich ataxia-Friedreich ataxia (also called FA) is a rare inherited disease that causes progressive nervous system damage and movement problems. It usually begins in childhood and leads to impaired muscle coordination (ataxia) that worsens over time.
12659-Tic (movement) disorder-Tourette syndrome (TS) is a neurological disorder characterized by sudden, repetitive, rapid, and unwanted movements or vocal sounds called tics. TS is one of a group of disorders of the developing nervous system called tic disorders. There is no cure for TS, but treatments are available to help manage some symptoms.
12660-Skin polyp-Skin tags are benign, noncancerous, tumors of the skin. They consist of a core of fibers and ducts, nerve cells, fat cells, and a covering or epidermis.They often go unnoticed, unless they are in a prominent place or are repeatedly rubbed or scratched, for example, by clothing, jewelry, or when shaving.
12661-Brachial neuritis-neuritis, inflammation of one or more nerves. Neuritis can be caused by injury, infection, or autoimmune disease.
12662-Cervical cancer-Cervical cancer is a type of cancer that occurs in the cells of the cervix — the lower part of the uterus that connects to the vagina. Various strains of the human papillomavirus (HPV), a sexually transmitted infection, play a role in causing most cervical cancer.
12663-Adrenal adenoma-An adrenal adenoma is a benign (non-cancerous) tumor that forms within an adrenal gland—the hormone-producing gland located on top of each kidney. Whether or not an adrenal adenoma causes symptoms depends on if it is classified as “functional” (hormone-producing) or “non-functional” (non-hormone producing).
12664-Esophagitis-Esophagitis (uh-sof-uh-JIE-tis) is inflammation of the esophagus. The esophagus is the muscular tube that delivers food from your mouth to your stomach. Esophagitis can cause painful, difficult swallowing and chest pain. Many different things can cause esophagitis.
12665-Gas gangrene-Gas gangrene is a highly lethal infection of soft tissue, caused by Clostridium species, with Clostridium perfringens being the most common. This is synonymous with myonecrosis and is characterized by rapidly progressive gangrene of the injured tissue along with the production of foul-smelling gas.
12666-Yeast infection-intense itchiness of the vagina and the vulva — the tissues at the vaginal opening. Also called vaginal candidiasis, vaginal yeast infection affects up to 3 out of 4 women at some point in their lifetimes.
12667-Spina bifida-Spina bifida is a birth defect in which an area of the spinal column doesn't form properly, leaving a section of the spinal cord and spinal nerves exposed through an opening in the back. Spina bifida occurs in 1 per 2,000 live births in the United States and is the most common central nervous system birth defect.
12668-Drug poisoning due to medication-In toxicology, poisoning is defined as the state resulting from the administration of excessive amounts of any pharmaceutical agent [WHO, 2014]. A poison may be a drug, household product, industrial chemical, or plant or animal derivative [NPIS, 2021].
12669-Alcoholic liver disease-Alcoholic liver disease results from overconsuming alcohol, damaging the liver and leading to a buildup of fats, inflammation, and scarring.
12670-Malignant hypertension-Malignant hypertension happens when there's a sudden rise in blood pressure. In some people, it occurs with signs of organ damage. Other people do not experience organ damage but face a high risk of experiencing it. Treatment includes medications to bring your blood pressure back to a safe range.
12671-Diverticulitis-Diverticulitis is the inflammation or infection of small pouches called diverticula that can form along the intestine.Diverticula usually develop when naturally weak places in your colon give way under pressure. This causes marble-sized pouches to protrude through the colon wall. Diverticulitis occurs when diverticula tear, resulting in inflammation, and in some cases, infection
12672-Moyamoya disease-Moyamoya disease is a rare blood vessel (vascular) disorder in which the carotid artery in the skull becomes blocked or narrowed, reducing blood flow to your brain. Tiny blood vessels then develop at the base of the brain in an attempt to supply the brain with blood.
12673-Heat exhaustion-Heat exhaustion is a condition whose symptoms may include heavy sweating and a rapid pulse, a result of your body overheating. It's one of three heat-related syndromes, with heat cramps being the mildest and heatstroke being the most severe.
12674-Psychotic disorder-Psychotic disorders are severe mental disorders that cause abnormal thinking and perceptions. People with psychoses lose touch with reality. Two of the main symptoms are delusions and hallucinations.Psychosis can be caused by a mental (psychological) condition, a general medical condition, or alcohol or drug misuse.
12675-Frostbite-Frostbite is an injury caused by freezing of the skin and underlying tissues. In the earliest stage of frostbite, known as frostnip, there is no permanent damage to skin. Symptoms include cold skin and a prickling feeling, followed by numbness and inflamed or discolored skin.
12676-Atrophy of the corpus cavernosum-Effect of an adipose-derived stem cell and nerve growth factor-incorporated hydrogel on recovery of erectile function in a rat model of cavernous nerve injury.
12677-Smoking or tobacco addiction-Nicotine dependence occurs when you need nicotine and can't stop using it. Nicotine is the chemical in tobacco that makes it hard to quit.smoking, the act of inhaling and exhaling the fumes of burning plant material.
12678-Sprain or strain-The difference between a sprain and a strain is that a sprain injures the bands of tissue that connect two bones together, while a strain involves an injury to a muscle or to the band of tissue that attaches a muscle to a bone.
12679-Essential tremor-Essential tremor is a nerve disorder that causes shaking that you can't control in different parts and on different sides of your body.
12680-Open wound of the ear-The outer ear consists of the visible portion on the side of the head, known as the pinna [1], and the external auditory canal (ear canal) [2]. The purpose of the pinna is to catch sound waves, amplify them slightly, and funnel them down the ear canal to the tympanic membrane (eardrum) [3].The outer ear consists of the visible portion on the side of the head, known as the pinna [1], and the external auditory canal (ear canal) [2]. The purpose of the pinna is to catch sound waves, amplify them slightly, and funnel them down the ear canal to the tympanic membrane (eardrum) [3].
12681-Foreign body in the nose-A foreign body in the nose means that an object is present in the nose when it's not naturally supposed to be there. Children under the age of five often have this issue. But it's not uncommon for older children to place foreign objects in their nostrils.
12682-Idiopathic painful menstruation-Pain associated with menstruation is called dysmenorrhea. More than half of women who menstruate have some pain for 1 to 2 days each month. Usually, the pain is mild. But for some women, the pain is so severe that it keeps them from doing their normal activities for several days a month.
12683-Down syndrome-In Down syndrome, there is an additional copy of chromosome 21, resulting in three copies instead of the normal two copies. Down syndrome is a genetic disorder caused when abnormal cell division results in an extra full or partial copy of chromosome 21.
12684-Idiopathic infrequent menstruation-You have irregular periods if the length of your menstrual cycle (the gap between your periods starting) keeps changing. Your periods may come early or late. The average menstrual cycle lasts 28 days, although it's normal for it to be a bit shorter or longer than this.
12685-Pneumothorax-A pneumothorax (noo-moe-THOR-aks) is a collapsed lung. A pneumothorax occurs when air leaks into the space between your lung and chest wall. This air pushes on the outside of your lung and makes it collapse. A pneumothorax can be a complete lung collapse or a collapse of only a portion of the lung.
12686-De Quervain disease-De Quervain tenosynovitis (dih-kwer-VAIN ten-oh-sine-oh-VIE-tis) is a painful condition affecting the tendons on the thumb side of the wrist. If you have de Quervain tenosynovitis, you will probably feel pain when you turn your wrist, grasp anything or make a fist.
12687-Fracture of the vertebra-A spinal fracture is a dislocation or fracture of the vertebrae (backbone) and can occur anywhere along the spine. Most spinal fractures are caused from injury or trauma from car accidents, falls, sports or some sort of high velocity impact.
12688-Human immunodeficiency virus infection (HIV)-HIV (human immunodeficiency virus) is a virus that attacks the body's immune system. If HIV is not treated, it can lead to AIDS (acquired immunodeficiency syndrome). There is currently no effective cure. Once people get HIV, they have it for life. But with proper medical care, HIV can be controlled.
12689-Mumps-Mumps is an illness caused by a virus. It usually affects the glands on each side of the face. These glands, called parotid glands, make saliva. Swollen glands may be tender or painful. Mumps are not common in the United States because of vaccines.
12690-Subarachnoid hemorrhage-A subarachnoid hemorrhage means that there is bleeding in the space that surrounds the brain. Most often, it occurs when a weak area in a blood vessel (aneurysm) on the surface of the brain bursts and leaks. The blood then builds up around the brain and inside the skull increasing pressure on the brain.
12691-Acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP)-AFLP is a rare, but serious, condition of pregnancy in which there is an excessive accumulation of fat in the liver or liver cells. Fat normally accumulates in the liver in the form of triglycerides and fatty acids, but excessive fat can cause liver damage.
12692-Ectropion-Ectropion is the turning out of the eyelid so that the inner surface is exposed. It most often affects the lower eyelid.
12693-Scar-A scar is the body's natural way of healing and replacing lost or damaged skin. A scar is usually composed of fibrous tissue. Scars may be formed for many different reasons, including as a result of infections, surgery, injuries, or inflammation of tissue.
12694-Lactose intolerance-Lactose intolerance occurs when your small intestine doesn't produce enough of an enzyme (lactase) to digest milk sugar (lactose). Normally, lactase turns milk sugar into two simple sugars — glucose and galactose — which are absorbed into the bloodstream through the intestinal lining.
12695-Eustachian tube dysfunction (ear disorder)-Patulous Eustachian tube dysfunction is a disorder of the valve of the Eustachian tube that causes it to remain open. When this valve remains open, sound can travel from the nasal-sinus cavity to the ears, allowing you to hear your own voice or your own breathing too loudly, or even the sound of blood pumping.
12696-Appendicitis-Your appendix is a finger-sized tube located where the large and small intestines connect. It has no known function, but if it gets inflamed or infected (appendicitis), you'll need immediate treatment. An inflamed appendix may cause pain off and on. Or it may burst open (rupture), causing sudden, severe pain.
12697-Graves disease-Graves' disease is an immune system disorder that results in the overproduction of thyroid hormones (hyperthyroidism). Although a number of disorders may result in hyperthyroidism, Graves' disease is a common cause. Thyroid hormones affect many body systems, so signs and symptoms of Graves' disease can be wide ranging.
12698-Dissociative disorder-Dissociative disorders are mental disorders that involve experiencing a disconnection and lack of continuity between thoughts, memories, surroundings, actions and identity. People with dissociative disorders escape reality in ways that are involuntary and unhealthy and cause problems with functioning in everyday life.
12699-Open wound of the face-An open wound of the face means a cut or break in the skin on the face. The wound might be minor and near the surface of the skin. Or it can be more serious, affecting deeper tissues of the face, such as cartilage, nerves, blood vessels, or bone.
12700-Dislocation of the vertebra- lumbar spine dislocation is an injury in which the vertebrae in the lumbar spine are moved from their normal location in the spinal column.rauma from high-impact contact sports, motor-vehicle accidents, falls, skiing and diving accidents, and injuries from blasts or falling objects are all usual causes of fracture-dislocations of the lumbar spine. It is more common in men because of greater involvement in high-impact sports, or occupation.
12701-Phimosis-Phimosis is defined as the inability to retract the skin (foreskin or prepuce) covering the head (glans) of the penis. Phimosis may appear as a tight ring or “rubber band” of foreskin around the tip of the penis, preventing full retraction. Phimosis is divided into two forms: physiologic and pathologic.
12702-Hyperemesis gravidarum-Hyperemesis gravidarum is extreme, persistent nausea and vomiting during pregnancy. It can lead to dehydration, weight loss, and electrolyte imbalances. Morning sickness is mild nausea and vomiting that occurs in early pregnancy
12703-Pregnancy-The state of carrying a developing embryo or fetus within the female body. This condition can be indicated by positive results on an over-the-counter urine test, and confirmed through a blood test, ultrasound, detection of fetal heartbeat, or an X-ray.
12704-Thalassemia-Thalassemia is an inherited (i.e., passed from parents to children through genes) blood disorder caused when the body doesn't make enough of a protein called hemoglobin, an important part of red blood cells.
12705-Placenta previa-Placenta previa (pluh-SEN-tuh PREH-vee-uh) is a problem during pregnancy when the placenta completely or partially covers the opening of the uterus (cervix). The placenta is an organ that develops inside the uterus during pregnancy. It works to provide oxygen and nutrition to the baby and to remove waste.
12706-Epidural hemorrhage-An epidural hematoma (EDH) is a collection of blood that forms between your skull and the dura mater, the outermost protective membrane covering your brain. The cause is usually an artery that gets torn by a skull fracture. Symptoms include severe headache and loss of consciousness.
12707-Septic arthritis-Septic arthritis (also known as infectious arthritis) happens when an infection spreads to one or more of your joints and causes inflammation. The inflammation is in the surface of the cartilage (a type of connective tissue) that lines your joints and the synovial fluid that lubricates your joints.
12708-Athlete's foot-Athlete's foot is an infection of the feet caused by fungus. The medical term is tinea pedis or ringworm of the foot.It commonly occurs in people whose feet have become very sweaty while confined within tight-fitting shoes. Signs and symptoms of athlete's foot include an itchy, scaly rash.
12709-Pleural effusion-Pleural effusion is the accumulation of fluid in between the parietal and visceral pleura, called the pleural cavity. It can occur by itself or can be the result of surrounding parenchymal disease like infection, malignancy, or inflammatory conditions.
12710-Aphakia-Aphakia is a condition that involves not having an eye lens. The lens of your eye is a clear, flexible structure that allows your eye to focus. This condition is most common in adults with cataracts, but it can also affect infants and children.
12711-Vulvar disorder-Vulvodynia (vul-voe-DIN-e-uh) is chronic pain or discomfort around the opening of your vagina (vulva) for which there's no identifiable cause and which lasts at least three months.
12712-Vitamin B deficiency-Vitamin B deficiency happens when your body doesn't have enough vitamin B. Your body needs a certain amount of each type of vitamin B to function well. Vitamin B deficiency can cause diseases such as beriberi, pellagra or anaemia.
12713-Sialoadenitis-Sialadenitis is a condition characterized by inflammation and enlargement of one or more of the salivary glands, the glands that secrete saliva into the mouth. There are both acute and chronic forms. Sialadenitis is often associated with pain, tenderness, redness, and gradual, localized swelling of the affected area.
12714-Gynecomastia-With gynecomastia, tissue inside the breast glands grows. This can cause female-appearing breasts. Gynecomastia (guy-nuh-koh-MAS-tee-uh) is an increase in the amount of breast gland tissue in boys or men, caused by an imbalance of the hormones estrogen and testosterone
12715-Urinary tract infection-UTIs are common infections that happen when bacteria, often from the skin or rectum, enter the urethra, and infect the urinary tract. The infections can affect several parts of the urinary tract, but the most common type is a bladder infection (cystitis).
12716-Histoplasmosis-Histoplasmosis is an infection caused by breathing in spores of a fungus often found in bird and bat droppings. People usually get it from breathing in these spores when they become airborne during demolition or cleanup projects.
12717-Erythema multiforme-Erythema multiforme is a skin reaction that can be triggered by an infection or some medicines. It's usually mild and goes away in a few weeks. There's also a rare, severe form that can affect the mouth, genitals and eyes and can be life-threatening. This is known as erythema multiforme major.
12718-Scoliosis-Scoliosis is where the spine twists and curves to the side.Doctors don't know what causes the most common type of scoliosis — although it appears to involve hereditary factors, because the disorder sometimes runs in families. Less common types of scoliosis may be caused by: Certain neuromuscular conditions, such as cerebral palsy or muscular dystrophy.
12719-Bunion-A bunion (hallux valgus) is an enlargement of the bone or tissue around a joint at the base of the big toe or at the base of the little toe. This one is called a "bunionette" or "tailor's bunion." Bunions often form when the joint is stressed over a prolonged period.
12720-Arrhythmia-An arrhythmia, or irregular heartbeat, is a problem with the rate or rhythm of your heartbeat. Your heart may beat too quickly, too slowly, or with an irregular rhythm. It is normal for your heart rate to speed up during physical activity and to slow down while resting or sleeping.
12721-Paget disease-Paget's (PAJ-its) disease of bone interferes with your body's normal recycling process, in which new bone tissue gradually replaces old bone tissue. Over time, bones can become fragile and misshapen. The pelvis, skull, spine and legs are most commonly affected.
12722-Trigeminal neuralgia-Trigeminal neuralgia is sudden, severe facial pain. It's often described as a sharp shooting pain or like having an electric shock in the jaw, teeth or gums. It usually happens in short, unpredictable attacks that can last from a few seconds to about 2 minutes. The attacks stop as suddenly as they start.
12723-Ankylosing spondylitis-Ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease that, over time, can cause some of the bones in the spine (vertebrae) to fuse. This fusing makes the spine less flexible and can result in a hunched posture. If ribs are affected, it can be difficult to breathe deeply.
12724-Peripheral nerve disorder-Peripheral neuropathy, a result of damage to the nerves located outside of the brain and spinal cord (peripheral nerves), often causes weakness, numbness and pain, usually in the hands and feet. It can also affect other areas and body functions including digestion, urination and circulation.
12725-Sebaceous cyst-Sebaceous cysts are typically harmless, slow-growing bumps under the skin. They often appear on the scalp, face, ears, trunk, back, or groin area. They are sometimes called epidermal inclusion cysts. But it's more accurate to call them sebaceous cysts.
12726-Poisoning due to antipsychotics-The most common cardiovascular effects that occur after atypical antipsychotic overdose are tachycardia, mild hypotension, and prolongation of the QTc interval. Other clinical syndromes in overdose include neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) and antimuscarinic delirium. Seizures may be observed.
12727-Behcet disease-Behcet's (beh-CHETS) disease, also called Behcet's syndrome, is a rare disorder that causes blood vessel inflammation throughout your body. The disease can lead to numerous signs and symptoms that can seem unrelated at first. They can include mouth sores, eye inflammation, skin rashes and lesions, and genital sores.
12728-Neurosis-At its root, a neurotic behavior is an automatic, unconscious effort to manage deep anxiety. In 1980, the American Psychiatric Association removed the term neurosis from its diagnostic manual as part of a revamp to standardize the criteria for mental illnesses. Today, neurosis is not a stand-alone mental condition.
12729-Prostate cancer-Prostate cancer is cancer that occurs in the prostate. The prostate is a small walnut-shaped gland in males that produces the seminal fluid that nourishes and transports sperm. Prostate cancer is one of the most common types of cancer.
12730-Cerebral edema-In cerebral edema, the relative volume of brain tissue increases as the brain tissues swells with edema. This increased relative brain volume decreases perfusion (blood) to the brain, and the pressure can cause further damage to both the edematous and non-edematous brain.
12731-Dislocation of the finger-It occurs when the bones of the finger are moved (dislocated) from their normal position. A dislocated finger can occur in any of the joints of any finger, but it occurs most often in the middle knuckle of the little, ring, middle, or index finger.
12732-Birth trauma-'Birth trauma' is distress experienced by a mother during or after childbirth. While trauma can be physical, it is often emotional and psychological. Birth trauma is not just about what happened during labour and the birth. It can also refer to how you, as the mother, are left feeling afterwards.
12733-Chronic pancreatitis-Pancreatitis occurs when digestive enzymes become activated while still in the pancreas, irritating the cells of your pancreas and causing inflammation. With repeated bouts of acute pancreatitis, damage to the pancreas can occur and lead to chronic pancreatitis.
12734-Hematoma-A pool of mostly clotted blood that forms in an organ, tissue, or body space. A hematoma is usually caused by a broken blood vessel that was damaged by surgery or an injury. It can occur anywhere in the body, including the brain.
12735-Carcinoid syndrome-Carcinoid syndrome occurs when a rare cancerous tumor called a carcinoid tumor secretes certain chemicals into your bloodstream, causing a variety of signs and symptoms. A carcinoid tumor, which is a type of neuroendocrine tumor, occurs most often in the gastrointestinal tract or the lungs.
12736-Open wound of the head-An open, or penetrating, head injury means you were hit with an object that broke the skull and entered the brain. This is more likely to happen when you move at high speed, such as going through the windshield during a car accident. It can also happen from a gunshot to the head.
12737-Seborrheic keratosis-Seborrheic keratoses are epidermal skin tumors that commonly present in adult and elderly patients. They are benign skin lesions and often do not require treatment. However, it is essential to be able to differentiate these lesions from other benign and malignant skin tumors.
12738-Burn- A flat growth or a slightly raised bump with a scaly surface, with a characteristic "pasted on" look; Varied size.
12739-Spontaneous abortion-Spontaneous abortion is a pregnancy loss before 20 weeks of gestational age. Approximately half of the miscarriages are due to unknown genetic abnormalities. Alcohol or drug use, infections, chronic disease, environmental exposures, and structural uterine abnormalities are other important risk factors.
12740-Genital herpes-Genital herpes is a common sexually transmitted infection (STI). The herpes simplex virus (HSV) causes genital herpes. Genital herpes can often be spread by skin-to-skin contact during sexual activity. Some people infected with the virus may have very mild symptoms or no symptoms.
12741-Adjustment reaction-An adjustment disorder is an emotional or behavioral reaction to a stressful event or change in a person's life. The reaction is considered an unhealthy or excessive response to the event or change within three months of it happening.
12742-Gallstone-allstones are hardened deposits of bile that can form in your gallbladder. Bile is a digestive fluid produced in your liver and stored in your gallbladder. When you eat, your gallbladder contracts and empties bile into your small intestine (duodenum).
12743-Multiple sclerosis-Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a potentially disabling disease of the brain and spinal cord (central nervous system).In MS, the immune system attacks the protective sheath (myelin) that covers nerve fibers and causes communication problems between your brain and the rest of your body. Eventually, the disease can cause permanent damage or deterioration of the nerves.
12744-Zenker diverticulum-Zenker's diverticulum develops when the muscle between the throat and esophagus, known as the cricopharyngeus muscle, over-tightens, causing the throat above it to pouch out. Overtime, the pouch can enlarge as the muscles below it tighten excessively. Food can catch in this pouch or it can cause an obstruction.
12745-Fracture of the pelvis-A pelvic fracture is a break in one or more of your bones in your pelvis. Pelvic fractures are an uncommon type of fracture that can range from mild to severe. While mild pelvic fractures usually don't require surgery, severe fractures have to be fixed with surgery.
12746-Pneumoconiosis-Pneumoconiosis is one of a group of interstitial lung disease caused by breathing in certain kinds of dust particles that damage your lungs.
12747-Hyperlipidemia-Hyperlipidemia (high cholesterol) is an excess of lipids or fats in your blood. This can increase your risk of heart attack and stroke because blood can't flow through your arteries easily. Adding exercise and healthy foods can lower your cholesterol. Some people need medication as well.
12748-Ulcerative colitis-Ulcerative colitis is a chronic inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) in which abnormal reactions of the immune system cause inflammation and ulcers on the inner lining of your large intestine. Ulcerative colitis can develop at any age, but the disease is more likely to develop in people between the ages of 15 and 30.
12749-Male genitalia infection-It happens when blood becomes trapped in the penis. A variety of things can lead to priapism, including: certain underlying health conditions
12750-HPV-Human papillomavirus (HPV) is the name of a very common group of viruses. They do not cause any problems in most people, but some types can cause genital warts or cancer. HPV affects the skin. There are more than 100 different types.
12751-Angina-Angina (an-JIE-nuh or AN-juh-nuh) is a type of chest pain caused by reduced blood flow to the heart. Angina is a symptom of coronary artery disease. Angina is also called angina pectoris. Angina pain is often described as squeezing, pressure, heaviness, tightness or pain in the chest.
12752-Injury to the spinal cord-A spinal cord injury (SCI) is damage to the tight bundle of cells and nerves that sends and receives signals from the brain to and from the rest of the body. SCI can be caused by direct injury to the spinal cord itself or from damage to the tissue and bones (vertebrae) that surround the spinal cord.
12753-Nasal polyp-Nasal polyps are soft, painless, noncancerous growths on the lining of your nasal passages or sinuses. They hang down like teardrops or grapes. They result from chronic inflammation and are associated with asthma, recurring infection, allergies, drug sensitivity or certain immune disorders.
12754-Lichen simplex-Lichen simplex chronicus (LSC), also known as neurodermatitis circumscripta, is an itchy skin condition causing thickened skin at the areas of skin injured by repeated scratching and rubbing. Lichen simplex chronicus is not a primary disease but rather the skin's response to chronic physical injury (trauma).
12755-Trichiasis-Trichiasis is the sight-threatening consequence of conjunctival scarring in trachoma, the most common infectious cause of blindness worldwide. Trachomatous trichiasis is the result of multiple infections from childhood with Chlamydia trachomatis, which causes recurrent chronic inflammation in the tarsal conjunctiva.
12756-Acariasis-Ascariasis is an infection of the small intestine caused by Ascaris lumbricoides, which is a species of roundworm. Roundworms are a type of parasitic worm.
12757-Colorectal cancer-Most colorectal cancers start as a growth on the inner lining of the colon or rectum. These growths are called polyps. Some types of polyps can change into cancer over time (usually many years), but not all polyps become cancer. The chance of a polyp turning into cancer depends on the type of polyp it is.
12758-Skin pigmentation disorder-Vitiligo occurs when pigment-producing cells (melanocytes) die or stop producing melanin — the pigment that gives your skin, hair and eyes color. The involved patches of skin become lighter or white. It's unclear exactly what causes these pigment cells to fail or die.
12759-Factitious disorder-Factitious disorder is a serious mental disorder in which someone deceives others by appearing sick, by purposely getting sick or by self-injury. Factitious disorder also can happen when family members or caregivers falsely present others, such as children, as being ill, injured or impaired.
12760-Lymphogranuloma venereum-LGV is a long-term (chronic) infection of the lymphatic system. It is caused by certain strains of the bacteria Chlamydia trachomatis.
12761-Galactorrhea of unknown cause- Galactorrhea (guh-lack-toe-REE-uh) is a milky nipple discharge unrelated to the normal milk production of breast-feeding.
12762-G6PD enzyme deficiency-An inherited disorder in which a person doesn't have enough of an enzyme called G6PD that helps red blood cells work the way they should. In G6PD deficiency, the red blood cells break down when the body is exposed to infection, severe stress, or certain drugs, chemicals, or foods.
12763-Nerve impingement near the shoulder-Shoulder impingement syndrome happens when the top outer edge of your shoulder blade rubs against your rotator cuff beneath it.
12764-Toxoplasmosis-An infection with a parasite called Toxoplasma gondii. People often get the infection from eating undercooked meat. You can also get it from contact with cat feces. The parasite can pass to a baby during pregnancy. Most people infected with the parasite do not have symptoms.
12765-Fibroadenoma-A benign (not cancer) tumor that most often forms in the breast and is made up of fibrous (connective) tissue and glandular tissue. A fibroadenoma is usually painless. It often feels like a hard, round lump with a smooth, well-defined border that moves easily under the skin of the breast.
12766-Open wound of the hand-Unlike closed wounds, such as bruises or closed fractures, open wounds are injuries that involve a break in the skin and leave the internal tissue exposed. The skin has an important role in protecting the organs, tissues, and other structures inside the body, so a breach of the skin can potentially invite infection.
12767-Missed abortion-A missed miscarriage, also known as a missed abortion or a silent miscarriage, occurs when a fetus is no longer alive, but the body does not recognize the pregnancy loss or expel the pregnancy tissue. As a result, the placenta may continue to release hormones, so you may continue to experience signs of pregnancy.
12768-Diabetic ketoacidosis-Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is a serious complication of diabetes that can be life-threatening. DKA is most common among people with type 1 diabetes. People with type 2 diabetes can also develop DKA. DKA develops when your body doesn't have enough insulin to allow blood sugar into your cells for use as energy.
12769-Granuloma inguinale-Granuloma inguinale is a sexually transmitted disease (STD) believed to be caused by bacteria calledCalymmatobacterium granulomatis (Donovania granulomatis). It is a chronic infection of the skin and lymph glands in the genital area of the body.
12770-Hemorrhagic fever-Viral hemorrhagic (hem-uh-RAJ-ik) fevers are infectious diseases that can cause severe, life-threatening illness. They can damage the walls of tiny blood vessels, making them leak, and can hamper the blood's ability to clot. The resulting internal bleeding is usually not life-threatening, but the diseases can be.
12771-Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD)-Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) is a common mental health condition where a person has obsessive thoughts and compulsive behaviours. OCD can affect men, women and children. Some people start having symptoms early, often around puberty, but it usually starts during early adulthood.
12772-Injury of the ankle-An ankle injury occurs when the ankle joint is twisted too far out of its normal position. Most ankle injuries occur either during sports activities or while walking on an uneven surface that forces the foot and ankle into an unnatural position.
12773-Hyponatremia-Hyponatremia means that the sodium level in the blood is below normal. Your body needs sodium for fluid balance, blood pressure control, as well as the nerves and muscles. The normal blood sodium level is 135 to 145 milliequivalents/liter (mEq/L). Hyponatremia occurs when your blood sodium level goes below 135 mEq/L.
12774-Stricture of the esophagus-An esophageal stricture is an abnormal tightening or narrowing of the esophagus. Your esophagus is a muscular tube that connects the throat to the stomach, carrying food and liquid. A stricture narrows the esophagus, making it more difficult for food to travel down the tube.
12775-Fracture of the ankle-An ankle fracture happens when you break one or more bones in your ankle joint. Your ankle joint consists of your tibia, your fibula and your talus. Your tibia is the big bone in your lower leg and is sometimes called your shinbone. Your fibula is a smaller, thinner bone in your lower leg.
12776-Soft tissue sarcoma-Soft tissue sarcomas are a group of rare cancers affecting the tissues that connect, support and surround other body structures and organs. Tissues that can be affected by soft tissue sarcomas include fat, muscle, blood vessels, deep skin tissues, tendons and ligaments. Bone sarcomas are covered separately.
12777-Bone disorder-Bone diseases can make bones easy to break. Different kinds of bone problems include: Low bone density and osteoporosis, which make your bones weak and more likely to break. Osteogenesis imperfecta makes your bones brittle. Paget's disease of bone makes them weak.
12778-Epilepsy-Epilepsy is a central nervous system (neurological) disorder in which brain activity becomes abnormal, causing seizures or periods of unusual behavior, sensations and sometimes loss of awareness. Anyone can develop epilepsy. Epilepsy affects both males and females of all races, ethnic backgrounds and ages.
12779-Personality disorder-A personality disorder is a type of mental disorder in which you have a rigid and unhealthy pattern of thinking, functioning and behaving. A person with a personality disorder has trouble perceiving and relating to situations and people.
12780-Shingles (herpes zoster)-Herpes zoster, also known as shingles, is caused by the reactivation of the varicella-zoster virus (VZV), the same virus that causes varicella (chickenpox). Primary infection with VZV causes varicella. Once the illness resolves, the virus remains latent in the dorsal root ganglia.
12781-Tourette syndrome-Tourette Syndrome (TS) is a condition of the nervous system. TS causes people to have “tics”. Tics are sudden twitches, movements, or sounds that people do repeatedly. People who have tics cannot stop their body from doing these things. For example, a person might keep blinking over and over.
12782-Avascular necrosis-Avascular necrosis is the death of bone tissue due to a lack of blood supply. Also called osteonecrosis, it can lead to tiny breaks in the bone and cause the bone to collapse. The process usually takes months to years. A broken bone or dislocated joint can stop the blood flow to a section of bone.
12783-Strep throat-Strep throat is an infection of the throat and tonsils caused by a bacteria called group A streptococcus , also known as Streptococcus pyogenes. This bacteria lives in the nose and throat. You can get the infection from someone who is sick with strep A bacteria or is a carrier of it.
12784-Spinocerebellar ataxia-The dominantly inherited ataxias, now called spinocerebellar ataxias (SCAs), are progressive disorders in which the cerebellum slowly degenerates, often accompanied by degenerative changes in the brainstem and other parts of the central nervous system (and less commonly the peripheral nervous system).
12785-Osteomyelitis-Osteomyelitis is a serious infection of the bone that can be either acute or chronic. It is an inflammatory process involving the bone and its structures caused by pyogenic organisms that spread through the bloodstream, fractures, or surgery.
12786-Sjogren syndrome-Sjögren's syndrome is a chronic (long-lasting) autoimmune disorder that happens when the immune system attacks the glands that make moisture in the eyes, mouth, and other parts of the body.
12787-Adhesive capsulitis of the shoulder-Frozen shoulder occurs when the connective tissue enclosing the joint thickens and tightens. Frozen shoulder, also called adhesive capsulitis, involves stiffness and pain in the shoulder joint. Signs and symptoms typically begin slowly, then get worse. Over time, symptoms get better, usually within 1 to 3 years.
12788-Viral hepatitis-Viral hepatitis is an infection that causes liver inflammation and damage. Inflammation is swelling that occurs when tissues of the body become injured or infected. Inflammation can damage organs. Researchers have discovered several different viruses link that cause hepatitis, including hepatitis A, B, C, D, and E.
12789-Tonsillar hypertrophy-Tonsillar hypertrophy is when you or your child's tonsils become swollen. Enlarged tonsils are a common condition, more likely to happen in children. Surgery to remove the tonsils might be required depending on how large they become. This is called a tonsillectomy.
12790-Gastritis-Gastritis is when the lining of your stomach becomes irritated (inflamed). It can cause pain, indigestion and feeling sick. Treatments include antacids, alginates and antibiotics.
12791-Skin cancer-Skin cancer — the abnormal growth of skin cells — most often develops on skin exposed to the sun. But this common form of cancer can also occur on areas of your skin not ordinarily exposed to sunlight. There are three major types of skin cancer — basal cell carcinoma, squamous cell carcinoma and melanoma.
12792-Rheumatic fever-Rheumatic fever is a disease that may develop after an infection with group A streptococcus bacteria (such as strep throat or scarlet fever). It can cause severe illness in the heart, joints, skin, and brain.
12793-Aphthous ulcer-An aphthous ulcer is the most common ulcerative condition of the oral mucosa, and presents as a painful punched-out sore on oral or genital mucous membranes. They are also called aphthae, aphthosis, aphthous stomatitis and canker sores.
12794-Tonsillitis-Tonsillitis is an inflammation (swelling) of the tonsils.Tonsillitis is most often caused by common viruses, but bacterial infections also can be the cause. The most common bacterium causing tonsillitis is Streptococcus pyogenes (group A streptococcus), the bacterium that causes strep throat. Other strains of strep and other bacteria also may cause tonsillitis.
12795-Intestinal cancer-Colon cancer is sometimes called colorectal cancer, which is a term that combines colon cancer and rectal cancer, which begins in the rectum.How does intestinal cancer happen?
In general, colon cancer begins when healthy cells in the colon develop changes (mutations) in their DNA. A cell's DNA contains a set of instructions that tell a cell what to do. Healthy cells grow and divide in an orderly way to keep your body functioning normally.
12796-Rocky Mountain spotted fever-Rocky Mountain spotted fever (RMSF) is a bacterial disease spread through the bite of an infected tick. Most people who get sick with RMSF will have a fever, headache, and rash. RMSF can be deadly if not treated early with the right antibiotic.
